[Music]
hello and welcome to this back to basics
guided meditation for beginners in the
next few minutes your delve into
meditation with me as your guide
this recording is designed for anyone
new to meditation but it also provides
an opportunity for anyone to return to
basics and rediscover the heart of their
practice many of us have a very fixed
idea of what meditation is perhaps you
may see someone sitting cross-legged on
a pillow and chanting or even refusing
to speak for days at a time
although these techniques and practices
can deepen your understanding of
yourself and the world around you they
do not necessarily define meditation but
simply meditating is becoming attuned to
yourself finding peace and stillness in
the midst of a hectic world it's an
intensely personal experience and soon
you will find yourself developing habits
and preferences for your own practice
for right now though allow yourself to
release all of your expectations for
what you will encounter in the next few
minutes and open yourself to a world of
infinite possibilities
when you are quiet and contemplative any
mystery can reveal itself to you
[Music]
we will begin by relaxing if you have
not already situate yourself in a
natural relaxed position many people
like to meditate seated in a comfortable
straight back chair feet firmly resting
on the ground with hands placed gently
in the lap you may prefer a different
position perhaps you would like to try
listening to this recording laying down
or with your feet crossed whatever you
do find a comfortable posture and let
your eyes drift closed
fill your ribs and belly as you breathe
savor the heaviness in your limbs as
they relax letting gravity hold you in
its gentle embrace you can feel every
fiber of your body soften relax and
release
now as we continue through this
meditation let everything be effortless
and easy continuation of your physical
presence give yourself permission now to
stop planning expecting and reacting
just for a little while just be
brave in
[Music]
and exhale
as you breathe you will begin to notice
areas in your body that feel tense or
uncomfortable on your next breath in
imagine your breath as a white light or
cool breeze feel its surge through your
body touching the places where you carry
tension or pain then as you exhale this
tension follows your breath out of your
body leaving you more relaxed than
before
[Music]
take another deep breath in and sigh it
out feel your shoulders softening the
corners of your eyes smoothie and your
belly relaxing
[Music]
with your eyes closed the world outside
may seem sharper notice this and then
direct your attention back towards
yourself
notice you're breathing without trying
to change our daily routines are busy
and we spend much of our lives focused
on things outside of ourselves deadlines
tasks and other people's reactions can
fill our consciousness leaving us no
room to be still and peaceful
bringing your attention to your breath
is one of the fastest and simplest
methods to bring you into sync with the
present moment if thoughts or concerns
from your day crop up acknowledge their
presence and let them pass you by
when you emerge from this meditation you
will remember everything you need to do
so there is no need to grab on to any
thought right now this is your time to
be light and relaxed free from the
demands of daily life
allow your breath to be your focus as
you slip into a deeper state of peace
and comfort
[Music]
some Meditation Center on imagining
certain scenarios or sensations when you
feel ready you can pursue them but just
for right now allow your own feelings to
rise up inside you be attentive and
listen to what your body mind and spirit
are trying to show you paradoxically
letting go of all expectations is what
will bring you a deep sense of stillness
and open you to your own inner wisdom
[Music]
breathe in
and out
let your whole be exist in the present
[Music]
with every inhale you sink deeper into a
state of relaxation and stillness this
is the heart of of meditation
[Music]
give yourself a moment to recognize the
feelings within you and then return to
your breath
[Music]
listen to the rhythm of your breath and
the sounds of the world around you
observe them with detachment letting
thoughts and sensations flow through you
as easily as water runs over pebbles
feel a deep sense of calm and develop
you
in the next few moments allow yourself
to simply be in this space
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
begin to bring your awareness back what
do you feel right now have any
realizations or insights presented
themselves to you notice the way your
body feels perhaps light and refreshed
or still and calm familiarize yourself
with the sensations in your body mind
and spirit and know that you can revisit
them anytime you need or want to and so
holding these sensations in your mind
and body begin to recall your fingers
and toes
gently wake up the parts of you that are
rested while you are on your journey
when you are ready let your eyes open
and smile at the world around you we
have emerged from your meditation
cleansed ready for a fresh start in
every part of your life you have taken
the first step on a beautiful journey
if you have enjoyed this meditation I
encourage you to return to it every
meditation practice is different from
the last and you may find that you learn
a great deal about yourself from
repeating this recording I also have a
number of other guided visualizations
and meditation music selections
available on my channel if you are
interested please subscribe above all
thank you for your presence and energy
here today I hope you have a beautiful
rest of your day
[Music]
[Music]
you