Music]
hi there and welcome to our guided
session my name is Marty and I'm gonna
be taking you through a calming
breathing exercise called equal
breathing we refer to this exercise as
equal breathing because our inhales
holds and exhales will all be equal
amounts of time each breathing cycle
will incrementally increase in length as
we progress both inhales and exhales
will be through your nose for every
breath start breathing through your nose
now this breathing method is effective
in calming the nervous system relaxing
your mind and reducing stress it is
especially effective when trying to
relax and fall asleep in fact why don't
you start getting comfortable right now
pull back the sheets and blankets lay
your head down on your comfortable
pillow settle in a body at rest is the
first step to a mind at rest
lying down is an important surrender a
surrender - gravity it's you giving up
that constant exertion and muscle
tension that accumulates over the day
just from standing and walking bring
your focus to the soles of your feet and
see how much tension there is to let go
of there feel the light tingle in your
arches and toes that's the relief of not
having to hold the body to wait any
longer as you continue to scan your body
moving up from the feet let the rest of
your muscles follow suit relaxing one by
one it's time to give up and let gravity
cradle you into your bed you have to
give up control in order to fall asleep
give up any restless streams of thought
give up thinking about the day you just
had for the day you're about to start
just be here in between and know that
this is your time for release and
restoration keep in mind breathing
exercises can be challenging for some
people I'm here to be your guide there
is no success or failure in this
exercise just go at your own pace and
stop to rest as needed keep breathing in
through the nose out through the nose
[Music]
let's begin
[Music]
start by just taking a few deep breaths
like stretching we want to warm up a bit
and open your lungs so in through your
nose out through your nose
following me in through your nose
out through your nose
once more in through your nose out
through your nose good now let's begin
equal breathing in a moment I'm going to
instruct you to inhale hold then exhale
through your nose for four seconds each
we will then increase all three phases
inhales holds and exhales by one second
each round until we get to eight seconds
so after our four second round we will
slow and deepen our breath for a five
second round then a six second round
followed by a seven second round ending
on an eight second round of inhale hold
exhale that's equal breathing
now that we're calm and comfortable
let's begin following my count inhale
two three four hold two three four
exhale two three four we're gonna do
that a few times inhale two three four
hold two three four exhale two three
four again inhale two three four hold
two three four and exhale two three four
inhale through your nose three four and
hold two three four exhale through your
nose three four in two three four hold
two three four exhale two three four
remember every breath we are taking is
in through your nose and back out
through your nose if you feel yourself
struggling to keep up just relax and go
at your own pace focus only on your
breathing and my voice let everything
else slip away just you and your breath
this next round breaths will be slightly
slower and deeper
five seconds for each inhale hold and
exhale with me inhale two three four
five hold two three four five exhale two
three four five in two three four five
and hold two three four five exhale two
three four five in two three four five
hold two three four five out two three
four five in two three four five
hold two three four five out two three
four five
excellent
let's take a moment to consciously scan
over your body and make sure that you're
not holding on to any tension it's
especially calming to relax your
forehead and face muscles any tension in
your jaw or cheeks or forehead
let it melt away
this next round we're gonna lengthen and
deepen our breath to a count of six four
inhales holds and exhales
with me again inhale through your nose
one two three four five six and hold two
three four five six and out two three
four five six and in two three four five
six hold two three four five six out two
three four five six in two three four
five six
hold two three four five six and out two
three four five six
in two three four five six
hold two three four five six exhale two
three four five six last one two three
four five six and hold two three four
five six breathe out two three four five
six good
this breathing technique helps you to
release stress and get grounded
the rhythm and intention of equal
breathing helps you fall and stay asleep
this next round we're going to go a
little bit longer and a little bit
deeper with inhale hold and exhale for a
count of seven
[Music]
with me big inhale through your nose two
three four five six seven and hold two
three four five six seven and out two
three four five six seven again two
three four five six seven hold two three
four five six seven and out two three
four five six seven
in two three four five six seven hold
two three four five six seven out two
three four five six seven inhale two
three four five six seven and hold two
three four five six seven and out two
three four five
seven last one two three four five six
seven and hold two three four five six
seven breathe out two three four five
six seven
you always have your breath it's the
most calming sound and sensation in your
world steady breath this exercise is
just designed to help you fall asleep so
if you start to drift allow yourself to
go deeper just stay with the sound of my
voice no need to listen to the specifics
[Music]
before we start our last round at a
count of eight I want you to check in
with your body again
scan up from the soles of your feet to
your calves
go even a little bit higher with your
consciousness and feel the warm tingle
in your thighs scan up even a little
further into your belly
feel the sensation there the tingle that
comes when you let go of tension from
each body part that's all I want you to
focus on your arms are lying next to you
loosely
and the palms of your hands are open and
free
letting go of everything
complete relaxation weightless if you're
on the edge of sleep just let yourself
fall
this last round is going to be an
eight-count
the longest and deepest breaths of the
exercise
with me
inhale two three four five six seven
eight and hole two three four five six
seven eight exhale two three four five
six seven eight again two three four
five six seven eight and hole two three
four five six seven eight exhale two
three four five six seven eight
in two three four five six seven eight
hold two three four five six seven eight
out
three four five six seven eight
inhale two three four five six seven
eight and hole two three four five six
seven eight and out two three four five
six seven eight
last one two three four five six seven
eight
hold two three four five six seven eight
out two three four five six seven eight
relax and let your breath find its
natural rhythm no more counting give up
control
[Music]
you no longer need to guide your breath
instead trust that your breath will
guide you
your body is imprinted into your bed and
your head warm imprinted into your
pillow
you feel weightless like a leaf floating
down a stream let it take you where it
will trust that the stream is safe it's
only there to guide you to restore you
and take you into sleep give up control
and let it pull you where it will
each inhale you breathe heals you
restores you nourishes you that rich
oxygen is Earth's gift
breathe it in like life that's what it
is each exhale is a release clearing
your mind of stress and your body of
tension like exhaust your chest and
diaphragm sink and surrender to gravity
every time
your breath continues on like a stream
pushing and pulling itself effortlessly
let the stream take you take you down
into rest and then deeper into sleep let
it take you deeper deeper deeper into
sleep
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]