[Music]
hi and welcome to the Himalayas we're in
the Himalayas we are just at the road
from the monastery where I ordained as a
Tibetan Buddhist monk so we're in
northern India we're in the de Langella
mountain range and we're a little bit
below the snow line and we know an
incredibly beautiful forest by day this
forest is magic
by night's terrifying it's leopards as
monkeys the whole thing but by day is
very peaceful and the Sun sort of just
comes in through the trees and create a
very particular atmosphere and there's a
very particular smell in the forest as
well you just create a very particular
atmosphere and the sounds as if you can
hear a tea right now there's today
actually is Tibet a new year it's it's
Losar so you might hear some some music
and some celebrations in in the
background you might hear the stream at
the bottom of the bottom of the hillside
here and there's a pretty good chance of
during the meditation today you're gonna
hear a lot of sounds of different birds
as well so it's a really magical place
is a place that means a huge amount to
me personally and a place where I really
wanted to bring you so that we could
have meditate together so find a spot
get comfortable and we'll begin
[Applause]
so just take a moment to settle into the
forest here I'm gonna start with our
eyes open looking out towards the
mountainside
the snow-capped peaks in the distance
and the trees all around and just
maintaining that very soft focus has
taken a cup a nice big deep breath
breathing in through the nose and out
through me
[Applause]
there's your breathing just imagining
your breathing in that fresh mountain
air as you breathe out just letting go
of any tension in the body
well them all just one more time
breathing in through the nose and that's
for the man and throughout this
meditation you can either have your eyes
open eyes closed whatever feels most
comfortable but either way just take a
moment just to enjoy the view the sounds
just enjoying that feeling of having
taken some time out for yourself and
just feel the weight of the body the
price is down
notice how the body feels today
when your game just take a moment mr.
SEF into the sounds whether it's a
stream the birds the dogs or any of the
different sounds here in the forest
today
[Applause]
I'm just bringing the attention back to
the body again starting at the top of
that just gently scanning down I'm just
noticing in a bit more detail now if it
was comfortable or feels uncomfortable
[Applause]
stepping out with a thinking mind being
more aware that physical sensations
[Applause]
and as you scan down through the body is
slowly becoming more we're at the breath
[Applause]
noticing where in the body we feel that
movement
[Applause]
so it's throughout the meditation we
have a choice we can come back to the
breath each time or we can come back to
the sounds of the forest
[Applause]
so knowing the minds gonna get
distracted in that moment we realize the
distraction just bringing the attention
back to the sounds or the breath
[Applause]
we're choosing now rather to focus on
the breath well the sound was just
resting the attention there nothing to
do
[Applause]
allowing any tools to come and go
[Applause]
you're focused on the breath it's
beginning to notice now the rhythm of
breathing starting to notice how each
breath is long or short deep or shallow
he focused on the sounds in the forest
[Applause]
yes when I was saying now a different
sounds coming down and it was a strange
but pausing with this things
[Applause]
who's chef ringing to explain
[Applause]
whether is the breath will the sound
either require any manifest little
control so just letting go when he need
to control
resting the attention very lightly
[Applause]
even just for a moment now
[Applause]
letting go of any focus on a breath for
any specific sound I'm just allowing
your mind do whatever it wants to do
[Applause]
thanks for letting the mind is free
[Applause]
and then just bring the attention back
to the body once again
turn back to that way of contact
[Applause]
starting to notice the different sounds
again in a little more detail and
whenever you feel ready just gently
opening the eyes and as you open the
eyes just maintain a position for a few
moments just coming back to where we
started with that very soft focus taking
in not only the trees around us in the
forest those are the mountains in the
distance the sky above
I'm just carrying with you that sense of
space into wherever and whatever you're
doing next
[Applause]