guided mindfulness meditation on the
present moment
this meditation will help you to deepen
your understanding of the present moment
and help you to avoid the common
everyday distractions that take us out
of the now you will learn to focus your
mind away from the anxiety and worry
about the future and regrets about the
past the goal of this session is to
reduce unnecessary thought process if
they will still inevitably occur
therefore the secondary goal will be to
recognize when this takes place and
allow you to gently shift your focus
back to peace and presence this is
sometimes referred to as becoming the
silent watcher begin by finding a
comfortable place to sit in a chair or
on the floor legs crossed if you're not
tired you may also choose to lie down on
your back
you may wish to close your eyes or leave
them open for a while until they become
heavy
if you do leave them open find a spot to
comfortably rest your focus and as you
find your position
begin by recognizing your breath feel
the air move calmly in and out of your
nostrils and notice your chest moving
gently up and down this will be your
anchor into the present moment don't
force yourself to change your breathing
pattern simply pay attention to it
studying to familiarize yourself with it
let yourself become fully aware
gently and end out
as you do so allow this awareness to
spread throughout your body feel your
nerve endings from the very top of your
head all the way through down your
shoulders into your legs and feel that
warm relaxing sensation move all the way
down out the tips of your toes
in doing so you may realize how powerful
of a sense we have of our own bodies and
space yet how little we pay attention
you may observe what is the temperature
of the room what are the subtle sounds
going on around us how does the chair or
floor feel against your body
what other sensations do you notice
developing a calm sense of your
surroundings is such a simple process
yet it can be so rewarding
it's about this time and space that is
yours if only for this fleeting moment
of time
continue to maintain focus and attention
on your breathing again slowly in and
out feeling the air against your
nostrils in your chest moving gently up
and down
now comes the key to the session in a
moment we will take one minute to
practice this meditation technique and
it's a simple one as you continue your
breath focus take notice when that first
stray thought floats through your mind
it might be a serious thought or just a
frivolous one whatever it may be simply
recognize it observe it and watch it
then use your following breath to allow
it to float away ever so effortlessly
and as you continue to focus on your
breathing another thought will soon come
along recognize it as quickly as
possible again observe it recognize
allow yourself to become disassociated
with it then use your following breath
to allow it to float away just observing
just watching do this again and again
and again your thoughts may come
occasionally or in quick succession
whatever the case do not mentally punish
yourself for these thoughts simply
continue to recognize and let them go
over and over let's now take that minute
to put this into practice focusing on
breath recognizing thoughts and lighting
them go again and again and we'll begin
now
great this is all you need to get
started and it's available to you
anytime during that minute if you felt
as though you had difficulty controlling
thoughts or recognizing thoughts it's
okay just keep working on that's why
it's called practice you may want to try
starting with a minute a day or work
your way up little by little each day
even just taking a minute of your time
at home or at your job when you're
feeling overwhelmed can help you to
become more centered and balanced
there's really no wrong way to go about
it except to keep practicing and slowly
getting better moment by moment day by
day and even year by year there's really
no limit to the progress you can make
at this point the musical soundscape
will continue for about five more
minutes if you wish continue to use this
time to practice remember focusing on
breath recognizing stray thoughts and
letting them drift away no forcing no
judgment
just returning to presence again and
again eventually this will begin to
happen all on its own breath awareness
and presence it's all there for the
taking the end of the session begins now
you
you
you
you