[Music]
this is a guided mindfulness meditation
and finding contentment and inner peace
as I so often ask you to do if you have
been a part of my other sessions find a
comfortable position
either seated in a chair cross-legged on
the ground or even lying in bed if you
can remain focused and present you can
choose to close your eyes or allow them
to remain open until you find it helpful
to close them throughout this session
all that you need to worry about is
hearing the sound of my voice if a
distraction arises just acknowledge it
briefly then return back to my voice
remain in Pleasant stillness and hearing
the sound of my voice
as we begin just continue to take
natural no comfortable breaths through
your nostrils
but drawing your attention to that air
movement and the gentle movement of your
chest notice how beautiful it is that we
are constantly in the cycle of breathing
and yet rarely take notice of it just as
we breathe subconsciously so too can we
find ourselves bringing about
unnecessary worry and suffering in yet
conversely can train ourselves to
recognize the moments that our mind
tries to create a struggle and
subsequently realize the beauty of a
still mind and body
throughout our lives we know that change
is inevitable and constant and yet we
often try to fight this tide of change
rejecting something that forces us into
the unknown or brings about a
circumstance that causes us suffering
although change especially that which
causes us pain can be difficult or
unwelcome there is a means of finding
beauty in our ever present state of
change and retain an inner stillness
even when the world around us is less
than ideal
[Music]
continue to allow your mind to focus on
this breathing exercise retaining that
focus on the breath and the sound of my
voice peace and stillness breath and
voice there is a mantra that I will ask
you to focus on throughout this session
the mantra is this too shall pass why
are these four words so important
the phrase is so simple it can be
intensely profound in your understanding
of it perhaps there is a time in your
life when a circumstance caused you
great struggle you may have said to
yourself
this is terrible I don't want this I
wanted to go away in those situations it
can be so important and beneficial to
recognize the beauty of the passage of
time in the healing the time can bring
this too shall pass
at other times in life we may have
moments that bring us profound joy and
happiness in these situations we must
also tell ourselves this too shall pass
you may wonder why we should think this
in the happiest times as well as sad
won't that make me sad to know that the
happy times will inevitably end you
might ask but this recognition is not
about being happy or sad it is about a
deep and powerful understanding of the
nature of our reality imagine the
possibility that instead of struggling
to achieve those fleeting moments of joy
through the perfect convergence of
circumstances that we have a means of
finding an underlying contentment
throughout all changes suddenly the
labels of good or bad have less power
over us we find ourselves afloat in a
still and clear lake instead of fighting
against of rough and inevitable tide
you see this too shall pass
means that we find true contentment in
the ever-changing present and so with
this in mind let's now allow ourselves
to deeply focus on this concept continue
to comfortably breathe and also
recognize you're just moving gently in
and out very naturally very calmly
remember that stray thoughts or
distractions are perfectly normal and
all apart of this constant change
therefore we do not fight against it but
recognize it and brush it away and as we
settle deeper into the state of
contentment an acceptance of
ever-present change let's retain those
thoughts as we count slowly down
starting at the number 5 by this too
shall pass
[Music]
for clarity presence and stillness three
this too shall pass to clarity peace and
stillness
[Music]
one this too shall pass
allow yourself to sit in this stillness
for as long as you wish to continue
taking a few moments just for you gentle
relaxing breath the movement of the
chest remembering
the ever-present change of all things
this too shall pass
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]