[Music]
may we begin our journey today by
reconnecting with ourselves closing the
eyes sitting comfortably feeling the
ground and surface underneath you let's
take a deep breath in and let it all out
as you exhale inhale and exhale letting
go of any heavy energy that you feel is
weighing you down in this moment right
now just letting it go as you take
another deep breath in exhale giving
yourself the permission to settle to
find stillness to find grounding and to
find this connection with your heart
[Music]
letting go of any worries or stress in
this moment simply giving yourself the
permission to enjoy stillness and
awareness within this peaceful and
blissful presence inhale and exhale
may we set an intention today to breathe
out any negativity fear an energy that
doesn't serve our greater good may we
send intention to inhale peace love and
kindness to ourselves let yourself go
and simply pay attention to only the
sensations within your body as you
inhale and exhale feeling the energy of
the breath
entering every cell of your body filling
you up with a radiant ray of sunshine
and light feel it feel the coolness of
the breath the warmth of the exhale with
awareness moving emotions pain and fear
out of your inner being seeing this
energy moving away from your body from
your heart dissolving and evaporating
into ether allowing you to realize that
you are in full control of how you feel
right now no one and not anything can
take this power away from you you are
powerful you are strong you are peace
you are loved
you know and exhale let yourself be
heavy be gentle be comforted by your own
internal peace it is time to let go of
that idea that made you feel small to
step into your own power your own joy
your own control your path to internal
freedom breathing breathe feel yourself
grounded let go and open yourself to
this radiant energy of light around you
seeing this energy enter your being
filling you up with pure unconditional
love for everything that you are the
perfection and imperfections that make
you who you are beautiful radiant energy
of light inhale and exhale
see the slight and positive energy move
through your entire body filling your
heart with peace and joy filling you
with confidence that you are ready to
take on whatever the world may bring
your way you are ready you are powerful
you are strong and you are loved
as you allow yourself to go deeper and
deeper in this peaceful awareness
introduced a powerful mantra within your
heart repeating this mantra a few times
manifesting this beautiful energy and
power from within into the physical
world around you I am powerful I am
worthy I am grateful for all that I am I
am powerful I am worthy I am grateful
for all that I am I am powerful I am
worthy I am grateful for all that I am
repeat this quietly in your mind feeling
the intention coming from your heart
reconnecting you with your own power and
positive light within I am powerful I am
worthy I am grateful for all that I am
now just silently in your mind
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
inhale and exhale slowly come back to
your breath notice the energy that's
spreading through your body with each
beat of your heart feel it enjoy it with
loving awareness
[Music]
as you move forward with the rest of
your day today remember that this
powerful beautiful energy that you have
created from within is always here it's
always with you guiding you and loving
you through this journey whenever you
find yourself overwhelmed with any
negativity around you remember this
feeling
remember this mantra remember how
powerful you are now you are always in
control and able to recenter and
reconnect yourself to the truth that is
within you thank you for being here
thank you for breathing and enjoying
this moment with me today may you have a
beautiful rest of your day may you find
reasons to smile and be grateful for the
simple moments of this beautiful life
thank you namaste
[Music]
[Music]
you