[Music]
welcome to our fifth earth element class
a meditation on space before we get
started make sure you find a comfortable
seated position
whether it is on the floor or against
the wall and feel free to have a pillow
or blanket nearby to make sure you are
comfortable for the next little while if
you're interested in meditation or
really enjoy this class feel free to
check out our below beautiful in 10 days
meditation program available on our
website
[Music]
www-what that said get comfy let's begin
our practice
[Music]
space ether Akasha v earth element also
known as the spirit element the
beautiful energy that is found within
all beings time and space the connection
between all that is the foundation for
all other elements to exist this fifth
element represents our inner energy the
human spirit the energy that allows us
to connect to the source of all that we
are and that we are all a part of as we
allow ourselves to find that deeper
connection within ourselves we find that
at that very moment we experience the
ability that we all contain which gives
us the strength to transcend physical
and mental suffering today's meditation
is going to be focused on the idea of
connecting to that inner energy within
us through this gentle meditation
practice we are going to implement a
full self awareness technique to help
you become in tune with your body and
most importantly inner self so as you
get ready and get comfortable make sure
you're sitting upright close your eyes
go ahead and rest your hands on the
knees either palms facing down or facing
up and if you wish feel free to touch
your index finger and your thumb
together to make sure you're keeping
that energy within your body and not
letting it escape take a second to
settle in to your position allow your
eyes to feel heavy keeping them closed
bring the tip of your tongue to the roof
of your mouth
just gently allowing it to rest
taking this opportunity right now to
bring the awareness to your breath
slowly and gently breathing in through
your nose and out just being aware how
the air feels moving in through your
nostrils and gently out inhale and
exhale do a quick scan of your body
relax your face show no emotion on your
face relax the shoulders slow and gently
continue to breathe in and breathe out
as you breathe out intentionally let go
of all that no longer serves you right
now any frustrations anxieties worries
stress let all that go for this moment
right now visualizing this negative
energy leaving out of your body through
your nostrils breathe in
and let it out feel your heart in your
chest let each beat of the heart radiate
gratitude for this beautiful human life
that you have right now breathe in
breathe out
[Music]
feel the sense of gratitude within you
let this beautiful energy fill you up
breathe in and gently breathe out
begin to follow your breath now anytime
you feel that a thought from the mind
takes you away let this breath be the
way you come back to the now breathe in
and breathe out
continuing to breathe a couple of times
here just giving ourselves a moment to
settle in to settle down giving your
mind an opportunity to settle down to
let go of any thoughts and worries and
simply just focus on the breath in and
the breath out at this moment nothing
else matters besides this a wonderful
action of breathing in and out
[Music]
as you begin to release deeper into this
awareness peacefully follow my voice is
I will guide you to a place where your
own Radian conscious light your own
inner energy will bring you healing and
peace in every way that you need right
now so breathe deeply
surrender and follow my voice bring your
awareness to the space between your two
eyes right in the middle of that
forehead your third eye chakra between
your two eyebrows breathe a little bit
deeper into that space bring awareness
into that space now as you continue to
focus on that third eye chakra begin to
feel and see some of the most important
people in your life sitting next to you
on each side maybe it's your mother and
father your children perhaps your spouse
or a dear long friend
see these people people that mean so
much to you sitting right next to you
right now around you supporting you
loving you exactly how you are right now
let their love and support begin to lift
you up to a higher vibration as you
begin to feel the shift in energy
visualize that as you look up you see
the clearest blue sky the bluest you've
ever seen with no cloud in the sky just
like you would see when a warm beautiful
summer day seeing this beautiful sky
above you allow its energy to lift you
up even higher so high that you begin to
feel like the beautiful rays of the Sun
are beginning to surround you feel that
warmth and radiant ray of sunshine
beautiful radiant light beginning to
surround your entire being take a deep
breath in and let it go
one more time big breath in through your
nose and let it go
as you exhale now see this beautiful
light that's all around you connect into
one energy ball a beautiful radiant ball
of light see this ball of light move
closer towards your face and towards
your forehead and begin to enter your
body through that third eye chakra the
space between your two eyebrows see this
beautiful radiant light moving gently
and slowly through every cell of your
body starting from the head working its
way down to the bottom purifying you
inch by inch allow this beautiful
purification push your way all
negativity worry frustration and anger
that may be within you as you visualize
this beautiful light moving through your
body begin to see any of your negative
energy in the form of black dark smoke
transcending out and away from you out
of your body away from your energetic
field visualize this beautiful radiant
white light you refine all the
negativities as it slowly moves through
each part of your body making its way
down to the tip of your spine and then
down through the lower body taking all
of that negative energy into the earth
and away from you
breathe in and breathe out now bring
your awareness back to the crown of your
head seeing again this beautiful radiant
light this time this beautiful light has
a slight golden hue to it still shining
as a bright brilliant diamond this
beautiful light represents pure love
positive energy and pure compassion as
you take a deep breath in allow this
beautiful light to slowly move through
the crown of your head the same way all
the way down through inch by inch of
your body starting from the crown of
your head and slowly making its way down
this time now filling you up with all
the wonderful loving positive energy
that is in this world feel the warmth
and the sensation of this positivity
visualize this beautiful golden light
providing you with all the healing that
you need right now allow yourself to
open to this beautiful light open your
heart to receiving this beautiful
healing from within healing you from any
emotional pain exhaustion frustration or
anger that may still be within you
open your heart to this beautiful light
and welcome all the purest loving energy
and healing
just take a moment and watch this
beautiful light work its way down
through your body
[Music]
[Music]
you are loved
[Music]
you are guided this universal energy of
love of a grace is always with you
it will never leave you just stay with
your breath breathe in
let it go take this moment right now
just sit in this beautiful state of
bliss feeling the healing benefits of
this beautiful radiant light if you wish
feel free to repeat the self loving
mantra to yourself with each deep breath
that you take I am loved I am loved I am
guided
I am loved I am loved I am guided I am
loved I am loved and I am guided stay
here and simply breathe continuing to
repeat the mantra if you wish
now let's slowly begin to come back to
the breath come back to the body and
slowly bringing awareness to each finger
each toe your arms and legs and then the
whole body whenever you're ready slowly
begin to open your eyes and simply
taking a couple more slow and deep
breaths just seeing what's around you
right now feeling this beautiful
peacefulness within you as you go on
with your day today
always remember that kindness love and
compassion is within you be the light
you wish to see in this world allow the
pure energy of love and positivity
always be the leading force and all that
you do
thank you so much for being here with me
today I send you so much love and light
from my heart to yours and I hope you
have a wonderful rest of your day
namaste
[Music]
you