thank you so much for joining me today
for our meditation practice today we're
going to take this time together to
simply gift ourselves a moment of
stillness and peace and plugging
ourselves from the external world of
action and constant movement and giving
ourselves this opportunity right now to
go within so find a comfortable place to
sit down or even lay down if you need to
just be careful that you do not fall
asleep
if you're seated place your hands on
your knees and Jana or chin mudra where
you connect the thumb and index finger
or simply have your palms open resting
comfortably on your knees take a long
inhale feeling that oxygen entering your
body and then slowly release everything
with your gentle and calming exhalation
give yourself and your mind permission
to settle in this present moment feel
your body in whatever position it is
grounded centered and relaxed I
understand the mind might find it really
difficult right now to turn off the
thoughts and the worries but know that
you are in control of your mind and you
are able to simply make a choice right
now to pause just pause breathe in and
let it go
you may be experiencing a lot of
uncertainty in your life right now but
just know that with every challenge and
pain we are faced with in life within
those moments is where incredible
strength and growth develops within us
and in the moment of pain and struggle
it may be really difficult to understand
that there is something we will take
from this that it will help us along
this path of human experience but I
truly believe that nothing is brought to
us without a greater divine purpose of
evolving us through this journey of
human life
so right now as you listen to my voice I
want you to simply exhale and let all of
that fear and tension melt away out of
your body out of your mind
out of your being even just for this
moment inhale and exhale
remember that there is great power
within you and that power will guide
your way through the storm believe in it
believe in yourself and never allow the
external circumstances of the outside
world diminish that inner flame that
burns within you I want you to take
another deep breath in and simply relax
everything is going to be okay
take another deep breath in allowing
yourself to settle down even deeper into
the stillness that you are experiencing
externally and internally at this very
moment this stillness is always here
within you it is your neutral state of
being the state of complete presence and
self awareness and now in this presence
we are going to come back to our cells
connect to our heart to find true peace
and love that is within us take another
deep breath in and let it go feel the
body slowly letting go feel the mind
slowly letting go be present and all
that you are a beautiful radiant being
of light breathe in
and
- welcome calmness and peace today we
are going to repeat a very simple mantra
of gratitude this is something you can
practice every morning and evening or
any time of the day a phrase and mantra
that allows your mind to focus on the
positive beautiful things around you and
even if it is hard for you to find
something to be grateful for right now
as you may be going through a very
difficult time in your life but just
remember even giving things for the most
simple gifts of life like your breath
like having this moment to yourself
could be enough to begin to cultivate
that beautiful energy from within
so as you allow yourself to go deeper
within feel free to place your hands in
Anjali mudra or some call it the prayer
position with the palms of your hands
together
or you can just keep the hands exactly
where they are
in here I just want you to repeat a very
simple mantra
thank you thank you thank you as you
begin to say these simple two words try
to fully feel it not just saying the
words themselves but attaching this
energy to the words and turning it into
gratitude towards the universe truly
feeling it within you and speaking it
from your heart
thank you for my breath
thank you for my strength thank you and
allow yourself to finish that sentence
with whatever comes through your heart
as you repeat this simple mantra and
connect deeper to your heart find even
the smallest of gifts in your life to be
thankful for thank you for the strength
to be able to be with myself in this
time thank you for the love around me
thank you for the support continue to
repeat this from your heart feel it find
everything that's beautiful in your life
that you can give thanks for
even if your health is not doing well
right now
may you give thanks for your strength
that you have thank you thank you
universe thank you for my body
thank you for my mind
thank you for my health thank you for
the people around me that care for me
thank you
continue to repeat this and allow your
heart to speak it's okay to feel
emotions arising if they do just send
your love and gratitude out from your
heart and watch what comes up and what
releases stay here for a moment with
yourself surrounded by the energy of
gratitude and love
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
now slowly feel free to release your
hands back to your knees or keep them
wherever is comfortable for you take
this opportunity to come back to your
breath breathe in and let it go just let
it go sit with this feeling within you
right now notice how you're feeling do
you feel lighter do you feel more calm
perhaps a little bit more blissful
become aware of this beautiful energy
that you have created within you with
this simple mantra of gratitude this is
such a powerful tool for us to use in
everyday life but especially when
challenge is brought forward to us
because it is in those moments when our
mind and ego clings to lack and fear
that we must fight to keep our strength
and presence through love and gratitude
I encourage you to practice this in any
moment you find throughout your day
whether it is at the end of your
practice before bed or in bed when you
wake up practice being grateful for the
miracles of life that we get to
experience every single day each breath
each day is a blessing if you choose to
see it that way and the choice lies
within you feel free to stay where you
are in this beautiful peaceful presence
or feel free to now slowly begin to open
your eyes and simply sit with yourself
give yourself time to process everything
or simply breathe in total silence and
stillness may you be blessed with health
with strength and with all the love that
you deserve thank you for being here
with me on this journey it has been an
honor thank you namaste
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]