[Music]
[Music]
this is a meditation on controlling
negative thoughts we all have times
throughout each day that our minds are
invaded with negativity whether these
thoughts are very upfront or very deep
in our subconscious we might feel
negatively about small things like a
task that's hanging over our heads or
larger things like a major life problem
there are fears about the future or even
the state of our world with all of the
potential for stress and worry in our
lives it's no wonder that these negative
thoughts and emotions can creep in this
session will seek to control those
intrusive thoughts and bring about a
clear and balanced positive outlook on
dealing with our daily tasks and seeing
a clearer picture of our lives overall
you should not attempt to push away and
avoid our problems but instead see them
with a direct focus in order to deal
with them free of burden and over
analysis
[Music]
to begin find a comfortable position
wherever you are whether you're seated
in a chair on the floor just be sure to
find a position that allows you to open
up your chest and breathe deeply and
comfortably always make sure that you're
able to remain fully aware without
drifting off to sleep and yet always
remain relaxed and at ease you may
choose to focus on a point in the room
at first or gently let your eyes close
begin to consider the rhythm of your
breathing as you breathe in now just
continue to let it flow naturally and
just as you were before your attention
turn to it allow yourself to feel your
chest and lungs
gently rise and fall with each cycle the
air moving in and out of your nostrils
[Music]
and as you continue to do this also just
bring your attention to your
surroundings evaluate what you sense
around you but remain free of any
judgement simply observe even if your
eyes are closed is it bright or dark in
the room
are there any extraneous noises the
surface that your body is up against
hard or soft do you have any aches or
pains in your body where do you feel
those other any sensations that are
especially enjoyable are comfortable at
the moment and again as you breathe
comfortably and feel your chest rise and
fall
you are simply bringing awareness to
this present moment as you focus your
mental energy we realize this moment is
really all that exists when a moment is
passed this is no longer real
and although we do all we can to predict
the future that is also not real but
just a projection in our anticipation in
these moments of focus we can bring more
clarity to the realization of the
realness of the here and now allow this
truth to sink deeply within you
continuing to breathe gently in and out
aware your sensations and surrounding
focused and present
now ever so slowly and gently count
these five short phrases from 5 to 1
this is repeating after me either out
loud or sting your head just repeat them
after me starting with 5 I am present
for I am aware
[Music]
three I put the past in the past
- I focus on the now
[Music]
and one I am present
[Music]
great just feel that wonderful presence
something that we so often forget to
embrace and enjoy and now let's count
down just once more as you do continue
to be aware of your surroundings you're
just moving in and out any spot that may
tingle on your body as it senses the air
around it the surfaces that you're up
against this is a time that you are
given to recognize that you are the one
who is fully aware of your thoughts you
are in control of your own mind
now just count with me eyes I am present
Thor I am aware
three I put the past in the past
[Music]
to
I focus on the now
and one I can present now that you are
settled into the state of awareness in
control use the following few minutes
other shorter or longer to continue to
listen to the background music and
meditate on your own and practice your
recognition of this intrusive thinking
just remember that any conjured thought
is one that you want to recognize it's
not bad or wrong for this to happen when
a thought enters your mind but it is
good to become immediately aware of the
thought and then just brush it aside
returning to mental stillness
so remember thoughts recognition
brush aside and return to stillness
[Music]
thought Rises you recognize it and you
just brush it aside and return back to
stillness just continue on as long as
you wish
till you are ready to finish the session
you may want to set a timer or check the
color on the video if you so choose or
just go as long as it feels comfortable
for you or until the music fades out any
way you wish to go about it enjoy the
remainder of your session and continue
unless presence thoughts arise
recognition brush the thought aside and
return to stillness
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you