this is a meditation on love peace and
happiness for the next little while find
a comfortable position you can be
sitting cross-legged on the floor seized
in a chair or lying down whatever is
best for you so long as you can allow
yourself to remain focused and present
in just a moment we will start by taking
three deep rejuvenating breaths in and
out as we do feel the air flow through
your nostrils see your chest open up and
then gently release breathing normally
in between
take the first breath in now
and slowly relays allow your mind and
body to feel free it's beginning to
release any unwanted stress and tension
[Music]
now take another deep breath
feeling that same release stress in
tension
[Music]
and then once more deep breath feeling
it to your nostrils filling your chest
and then let the air release and then
just continue to maintain calm relaxed
the normal pattern of breathing as you
settle in we recognize the present
moment and gain focus on the here and
now we realize that the past is only our
memory in the future is just our
projected thoughts but the ever passing
present moment to moment it's where we
are and where we want to be right now
[Music]
and as you continue to maintain that
relaxed and natural breathing pattern
just allow your mind to gently focus on
either that gentle airflow in and out of
your nose or that gentle movement of
your chest up and down our breath into
heartbeat are ever-present reminders of
the methodical continuation of time not
in a way that should make you anxious
but just in realizing that we are a
small piece of a vast universe we
recognize ourselves as our own separate
being and yet are one in the same as all
other living things in all of nature and
amongst the stars and planets and
galaxies
[Music]
realize that beauty and the beauty
around you and continuing to breathe
comfortably begin to feel the entirety
of yourself within your space you may
notice certain slight tingling
sensations throughout your body every
nerve ending may become especially
sensitive to your surroundings each
detail such as a small extraneous noise
with a light within the room the
surfaces you're touching or the position
of your body will all be a part of your
awareness but you have no need to become
attached to them simply remain aware of
each detail and then continue to embrace
the presence of this moment and down
breathing gently and calmly ever present
ever aware
[Music]
No
we will draw our focus onto this feeling
of love and peace by taking a few
moments just allowing you to mentally
recite few simple words and we will
count down from five to one
just slowly repeat these words in your
mind you retain that awareness that
complete and full awareness your
surroundings without any attachment five
love and peace
[Music]
mentally repeating after me for presence
and contentment
and again three love and peace
[Music]
to presence and contentment and finally
what
love and peace
great
now you may feel twice as calm twice as
comfortable twice as aware and you'll
feel that love for all things deep
within you almost like a fire burning in
the center of your being
now we will do the same thing once more
and this time with each number just
allow yourself to become twice as
focused twice as realized with every
single number five I feel love and peace
[Music]
tor
I feel presence and contentment
3 I feel love and peace
- I feel presence and contentment
choices relaxed with each number and
finally one I feel love and peace
although we often use the word happiness
as a state of mind for which we
ultimately wish to strive you may
instead wish to think of the word
contentment of the definition behind the
word happiness a feeling of what we
often consider overwhelming happiness's
so very often fleeting unexpected this
is an emotion for which we may strive
for in vain and thus only end up with
greater frustration yet a constant
awareness can bring a lasting
contentment a deep and profound yet
subtle inner joy that persists through
all of life's experiences it can keep us
grounded through the times of great
success or fortunate and also keep us
afloat through tragedy and pain
this deep awareness and ultimately love
can be had for not only other people but
for yourself and for all of existence we
as human beings are uniquely capable of
love and what an incredible gift to be
aware of and express to others even an
expression of love within ourselves is a
positive step toward peace within such a
constantly disruptive world and as you
continue to listen to these thoughts and
ideas with this full awareness of the
present moment an awareness of a halt
that is around you in the here and now
embrace this now and mentally repeat
after me once more this time with
several shortening phrases to take with
you once you finish
I embrace love I embrace love
I embrace peace
[Music]
I embrace peace I embrace contentment
[Music]
I embrace contentment
I grace joy
I embrace joy
I embrace the here and now I embrace the
here and now
very good this will soon conclude the
spoken portion of this session and so
now you may choose to continue to
meditate for several more minutes as the
background music continues or prepare to
come back and continue on throughout
your day or perhaps fall asleep if
you're at that point but now just hear
these words one last time as we conclude
love peace
contentment
joy
here and now
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music






