thank you for tuning in to this guided
meditation and visualization practice to
balance your chakras when practice
regularly balancing your chakras can be
a powerful tool to affect change in the
ways you desire and all aspects of your
life this visualization will guide you
into a relaxed state bring your
attention to each chakra and help
restore the balance energetic flow
through the chakra system as a whole
within the center of your body along the
length of your spine and head resides
seven bundles of nerves or Wheels of
energy called chakras each of these
seven chakras are part of a system that
functions as a whole each one needs to
work independently as well as flow with
the others in the system we know that
together the chakras have a connection
with each other and interact
energetically therefore today as we
balance the chakras we will not only
consider each chakra but all of the
centers together and the energy that
moves through the whole system
as we begin this practice make yourself
comfortable
with your spine straight either sitting
or lying down if it is safe and
enjoyable for you perhaps being outside
and utilizing the energy of nature which
is a powerful way to practice this
visualization allow your eyes to close
down gently invite your attention to
rest on your breath
breathe naturally through your nose and
notice the sensations arising in your
body created by the air as it moves in
and out of your body
notice any subtle movements in your body
since the temperature of the air as it
passes through your nostrils
peel your chest and back rise and fall
naturally with each breath
[Music]
since if there is a connection between
your breath rhythm and that of your
heartbeat
this awareness practice is about feeling
the sensations of your body from within
as they arise naturally rather than
trying to control or change your breath
[Music]
how I invite you to visualize that you
are breathing in the positive energy of
light love and peace on each breath out
let go of any physical or emotional
tension that your body may be holding on
to
as you continue this process invite your
mind and body to go into the familiar
state of relaxation
now imagine this positive lights energy
that you were breathing in together with
a light inside you is a powerful yet
relaxing light energy
now allow this light to become larger
see it as it expands around your entire
body
building and growing stronger and fuller
imagine this light is moving through the
center channel of your body from the
base of your spine all the way through
the very top of your head this light
expands outside of your body as well
connecting your energy to all that is
around you - the energy of the earth and
all other beings the power from this
lights energy centers and grounds you as
this light builds inside you and easily
flows through your body it relaxes you
and releases any tension pain or
negativity from your mind and body
now begin to see and feel inside your
body the light flowing freely through
these seven bundles of energy with no
blockages or surpluses of energy the
energy inside of you building with the
energy around you will naturally follow
your thoughts so there is no need to
actively push or pull this energy take a
moment to sense the growing energy
within you and around you draw this
energy in and also send it out
you
and now bring your focus to the base of
the spine
this is where the root chakra lies it
glows red visualize at this place in
your body a red wheel turning freely and
glowing with your thoughts see this red
wheel and feel as all of the tension
melts away and releases so that this
wheel can use your energy to turn more
smoothly focus on the chakra with the
intention to free any congestion here so
your body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly the free flow of energy at
the root chakra is the place in your
body where your feelings of security and
grounding reside
[Music]
continue to focus on the root chakra for
a moment longer
[Music]
now that the energy at the root chakra
is flowing fast and free build on that
and move up to the sacral chakra which
is just below the navel and above the
pubic bone this chakra glows orange
visualize at this place in your body
an orange wheel turning freely and
glowing with your thoughts see this
orange wheel and feel all of the tension
melting away and releasing here so this
wheel can use your energy to turn faster
focus on this chakra with the intention
to free any congestion here so your
body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly the free flow of energy at
the sacral chakra is the place in your
body where your emotions creativity and
feelings of intimacy reside
now that the energy and the sacral
chakra is flowing fast and free build on
that and move your attention up to the
solar plexus chakra which is located at
the level of the navel this chakra glows
orange visualized at this place in your
body
a yellow wheel turning freely and
glowing
with your thoughts see this yellow wheel
and feel all of the tension melting away
and releasing so this wheel can use your
energy to turn faster
focus on this chakra with the intention
to free any congestion here so your
body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly the free flow of energy at
the solar plexus chakra is the place in
your body where your energy vitality
desire confidence and power reside now
that the energy in the solar plexus
chakra is flowing fast and free build on
that and move your attention up to the
heart chakra which is located at the
heart level this chakra glows green
visualize at this place in your body a
green wheel turning freely and glowing
with your thoughts see this green wheel
and feel all of your tension melting
away and releasing
so this wheel can use your energy to
turn faster focus on the chakra with the
intention to free any congestion here so
your body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly the free flow of energy at
the heart chakra is a place in your body
where your love hope and compassion
reside
now that the energy in the heart chakra
is flowing fast and free build on that
and move up to the throat chakra which
is located at the throat
this chakra glows blue visualize at this
place in your body a blue wheel turning
freely and glowing with your thoughts
see this blue wheel and feel all of the
tension melting away and releasing so
this wheel can use your energy to turn
faster focus on the chakra with the
intention to free any congestion here so
your body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly
the free flow of energy at the throat
chakra is the place in your body where
your communication creative expression
integrity and healing reside
now that the energy and the throat
chakra is flowing fast and free build on
that and move up to the third eye chakra
which is between the eyes this chakra
glow is purple visualize at this place
in your body
purple wheel turning freely and glowing
with your thoughts see this purple wheel
and feel all of the tension melting away
and releasing so this wheel can use your
energy to turn faster
focus on this chakra with the intention
to free any congestion here so your
body's energy flows easily and
effortlessly the free flow of energy at
the third eye chakra is the place in
your body where your intuition vision
and imagination reside
now that the energy in the third eye
chakra is flowing fast and free build on
that and move your attention up to the
crown chakra which is at the very top of
the head this chakra glows white
visualize at this place in your body a
white wheel turning freely and glowing
with your thoughts see this white wheel
and feel all of the tension melting away
and releasing so this wheel can use your
energy to turn faster focus on this
chakra with the intention to free any
congestion here so your body's energy
flows easily and effortlessly
the free flow of energy at this chakra
is the place in your body where you're
understanding consciousness and
enlightenment reside
[Music]
and now take a moment to scan the body
once more and notice if there is any
resistance or blockage at any of these
centers notice if your energy doesn't
flow freely or if one of the wheels
seemingly turns slowly or more quickly
than the other
in order to find balance in the each
chakra as well as the system as a whole
place your attention on any specific
chakra that seems to have more or less
energy than the others begin to breathe
deeply into that Center sending your
breath your light your love into that
specific chakra use your focus to clear
out that Center detoxify it and nourish
it with your breath so that all of the
seven chakras can be in balance
[Music]
and now that your seven chakras are in
balance begin to bring your attention
back to your physical body and deepen
your breath once more begin to slowly
reactivate each part of your body
gradually coming out of the state of
relaxation begin from your toes and move
your energy upward like a warm wave
washing over you
feel the balanced energy throughout the
entire length of your spine and into
your head as each of the seven chakras
flow easily and effortlessly
individually and as a whole system and
when you are ready open your eyes
knowing that you are ready to go on with
your day in a balanced energetic way
you