I am grateful you have taken this time
for yourself to listen to this guided
meditation self-care is so important and
not selfish at all in fact in our
fast-paced world where we wear the title
of busy as a badge of honor it is even
more imperative that you care for
yourself so that you can be your best
for yourself and your loved ones holding
on to negative thoughts and emotions can
be heavy and create unnecessary stress
on the body and mind it is important to
acknowledge these thoughts and emotions
and then let them go today's meditation
focus
is to help you do just that let go of
what is no longer serving you and what
may be holding you back be sure to make
sure you are in a safe place turn off
all distractions and begin to make
yourself comfortable when you are ready
close your eyes gently and place your
hands on your heart begin to breathe
into your heart and into the space
around it breathe in light love and
peace
into your heart and your mind see this
light as you're breathing it in it is a
bright glowing light and as you breathe
it into your heart it warms your body
and fills it up with loving energy as
you continue to focus on your breath
breathe in relaxation and breathe out
tension and tightness from the area
around your heart
being fully present to this moment to
your physical body to the sounds around
you and the surface below you set the
intention to open your heart today open
its flow of energy to welcome in love
and light with every breath in be open
to receiving the loving energy of the
world around you and with every breath
out radiate that love outward see and
feel this warm glowing energy entering
your body and filling it up then
radiating that energy outward to the
space around your body this energy is
protecting you and grounding you for
today open your heart to the emotions
and opportunities that the state of
comfort and mindfulness will break
be willing to listen to your heart
without any judgment or preconceived
expectations
know that you are fully supported and
safe in this space today to explore the
feelings of your heart and now bring
your attention back to the energy
radiating out from your heart feel this
energy as it grows and it fills up your
entire body with love
take a moment now to scan your entire
body starting from the bottom of your
feet and very slowly moving up to your
head
as you see each part of your body in
your mind's eye relax that body part
completely
scan for any areas of tension tightness
or pain or any areas that you feel the
energy is stuck and not flowing freely
if there are areas of tension keep your
focus on that body part for a moment and
breathe uh warm glowing light into that
area to soften it
this warm loving light will melt the
tension away from your body and allow
you to fully relax it will allow the
energy to move throughout your entire
body freely
see the tension melting away down into
the surface below you to be gone from
your body forever
as you continue scanning your body feel
this loving energy move through your
entire body as it takes you deeper and
deeper into a safe and supported state
of relaxation and now continue scanning
your body and bringing loving relaxing
energy to each part of your body in this
next moment of silence
and now that you are in a safe and
comfortable state of relaxation
imagine that you are standing at the top
of a beautiful white marble staircase
see the staircase in vivid detail
you rest your hand on the smooth cool
marble banister that runs down
beside the staircase as you look down
the stairs you notice that there are ten
steps leading down these are steps that
will lead you deeper into relaxation in
a moment as I begin to count you will
walk down these steps you will find that
the deeper down you go the more
comfortable and the more relaxed you
will become
so now you can hold on to the beautiful
banister and begin to slowly descend the
stairs as I count 10 you are deeply
relaxed you feel the stress melting away
9 you feel yourself completely letting
go of any responsibilities or things you
may need to do
eight you know you are right where you
need to be on your journey and you allow
the outside world to turn off seven this
step takes you even deeper into a
relaxed state six you are committed to
taking your life and dreams to the next
level five as you descend you feel the
familiar state of freedom in your body
and clarity in your mind that comes with
this relaxation for going deeper and
deeper into comfort three almost to the
bottom of the staircase almost to the
light two deep deep into relaxation and
one all the way into a deep state of
relaxation
and now that you have reached the bottom
of the staircase you are completely
relaxed and comfortable
they take a moment to look at your
surroundings you realize that the light
you see is shining out from behind a
partially closed door at the bottom of a
staircase it is seeping out from the
edges of the door expanding its light
outward you have a sense that behind
this door is all that you are capable of
and all of your inner potential this
light is shining out only a little bit
allowing only some of your potential to
be seen you know that before this door
can be opened all the way there are
things that you must let go of and now
take a moment and first let go of any
negativity you may be holding on to this
negativity doesn't have to be named
specifically just let it go but the
energy of negativity go
what you put out into the world will
come back to you put out positivity send
out love and light radiate this energy
outward to the world and it will come
back to you give what you wish to
receive and let go of limiting beliefs
of yourself
see these beliefs floating away from
your body like a feather in the wind
and replace the old limiting beliefs
with new positive beliefs
these limitations we put on ourselves
could be holding us back from moving
forwards towards our ideal life and
towards contentment let it all go let go
of any expectations you have of yourself
and in any expectations you believe
others have for you let go of the need
to please anyone but you and take care
what others think let go of attachments
let it all go
let go of competition with yourself and
with others let go of the idea of being
perfect and the need to always be right
let go of the shoulds in your life and
replace these thoughts with the idea
that you are enough being enough means
being comfortable with your body as it
is today being comfortable with what you
have achieved as well as what you have
not being enough means self-acceptance
and it is something we could all say to
ourselves more often
let it all go
let go of excuses
let go of judgmental thoughts let go of
jealousy and thoughts of not enough let
go of insecurities let it all go
let go of the past in order to move
forward let go of worries for the future
let go of fear
forgive allow the past to be the past
and not create your destiny be here now
be present be mindful
be grateful
be joyful and be loved
and let go of anything else that is no
longer serving you
and now that you have let go of all
negativity and replaced it with positive
love and light
now you know it is time to open this
door all the way to let the light shine
out all the way so you can live to your
fullest potential
so now reach forward to open the door
and as you place your hand on the
doorknob and pull all of your inner
strength determination and possibilities
flow out filling up your mind and the
space around you feel the strength and
positivity flow out from your mind and
fill your entire body and into your
heart you are now completely full with
potential and possibilities you are
confident and capable you are creative
and intelligent you are enough and more
because you have let go of all the
negative in your life you have the space
to fill up with your full potential
you know you are able to achieve great
things now that your inner strength and
potential have been released from behind
this door and now walk into this light
feel the energy and strength of your
full potential surrounding you filling
you up this energy builds your
confidence and motivation on the other
side of the door you find a bench to sit
down on and you take this new energy
confidence and motivation and allow your
mind to wander and be imaginative to be
open to possibilities
and now I'd like you to imagine yourself
as a small puzzle piece fitting nicely
into the full puzzle that is your life
each person in your life is a puzzle
piece surrounding you and each fitting
perfectly together each facet of your
job your family your friends is also
part of this puzzle when you change the
pieces surrounding you the closest on
the puzzle must change as well to stay
connected all these changes take time
and require patience and some pieces may
not fit as well next to your puzzle
piece and may need to be switched with
another piece that does fit you have the
ability in awareness to help this
process filter out the pieces that no
longer fit as well as have the patience
for those pieces that take time to
change you are open to change and the
opportunities that come with these
changes
you choose to soften into these
possibilities lovingly you live in
alignment with your values and you're
willing to give a little and be flexible
you understand it takes time for changes
to happen and take root
yet you are grateful for where you are
on this journey you know you are exactly
where you are supposed to be right now
in life we often need to let go of what
does not serve us in order to make room
for change in order to be open to the
process of change this isn't always easy
but you are committed to doing what is
right for your best interest and what is
in alignment with your values rather
than what's easy with change comes
various emotions and you welcome them
and seek to feel them understand them
embrace them and then let them go when
necessary you don't give up at times of
unexpected pain or challenge you
persevere all of your thoughts are
positive in your mind you repeat after
me
I am open to change
I am worthy of love and success
I am confident
I am diligent in moving towards my
desired success
I believe in myself and my abilities
I am courageous and brave I am
authentically me I am full of joy
I am creating my own future I follow my
dreams with passion and certainty
I let go of the past and focus on the
now
I am enough
I am grateful for today
feeling confident and relaxed you get up
from the bench and walk back through the
doorway to reach the bottom of the
stairs as you stand at the bottom of the
stairs you have a strong sense that you
can achieve whatever it is you set your
mind to you know you are capable of
achieving your dreams and you have the
potential to accomplish great things
here today you have let go of negativity
and anything that no longer serves you
to make space for the new and for the
positive you have unlocked your full
potential you can feel this energy
flowing through you like an energetic
life force that was always there but
needed to be unlocked you have planted
the seeds for your potential to grow and
each day including today you are taking
action watering those seeds to move in
the direction of your full potential now
that you have let go of negativity and
have unlocked your full potential
bring your attention back to your
physical body and to your breath as an
observer see yourself smiling with a
positive calm and confident mind feeling
proud and grateful
and as you slowly begin to come out of
the state of relaxation you are feeling
confident and motivated knowing that you
can and will succeed knowing you are
enough when you awake
you will still feel all of the positive
feelings you experienced in this
meditation and you will be moving
forward in the direction of your full
potential in just a moment I will count
as you calmly climb back up the marble
staircase when you get to the top you
will come back to the present moment
feeling relaxed yet energized and
competent
one you are beginning to come out of the
state of comfort holding on to the
railing continue to walk up the marble
staircase to bring your awareness to the
present moment the sounds around you the
feelings in your body and in your heart
three you are feeling relaxed and
motivated for your mind is clear and
competent five you are feeling wonderful
emotionally calm and at peace six you
can see your vision for the future with
vivid clarity seven you choose to be
positive and grateful to take any action
necessary to reach your desired dreams
eight you feel the strength of
confidence and you believe in yourself
nine feeling ready to open your eyes
ready to get on with your day 10 you
have reached the top open your eyes
fully you are awake and energized thank
you so much for listening 