welcome
to the short morning meditation for
allowing abundance we also have a longer
version of this meditation that can also
be used before bed for more powerful
effect the mindset of abundance is the
opposite of scarcity abundance is the
overflowing and over sufficient quantity
of that which you desire and you have
the power to invite it into your life
you have the choice to change the way
you look at things take the next few
minutes with this meditation to prepare
your mindset for the day ahead and watch
as abundance flows easily into your life
as we begin allow your eyes to close
gently and focus your attention on your
breath
by simply being mindful and intentional
with your breath your body sends a
signal to your brain that you are safe
and can relax and focus on what's
important
taken five deep intentional and relaxing
breaths
invite in a sense of comfort and
relaxation
with each breath in breathe into the
heart
and expand the capacity of this space
with each breath out let go of tension
let go of distractions let go of the
need to control your thoughts
[Music]
allow your breath to return to its
natural rhythm and flow and as you
continue to relax I will guide you on a
journey this journey will take you on a
path to release any negative beliefs or
ideas that could be holding you back
from the abundance you desire
then you will bring in the energy of
abundance into the space you create for
it when you let go of fears I invite you
now to open your imagination and step
into a field of beautiful wildflowers
look around you as you stand on a path
that leads you right down the center of
the field
here you are surrounded on both sides by
flowers and the most vivid colors use
your senses to take in this beautiful
and peaceful environment around you see
the clear bright sky above you
feel that the temperature of the air is
perfect for you and the Sun shines on
you gently warming your skin
the faint smell of the flowers is just
right for your liking
perhaps you hear birds chirping in a
distance or see butterflies flitting
around
as you look around you can see many
beautiful colors in all directions
around you you sense that you are safe
and peaceful in this place in your
imagination
you begin to walk along this path down
the center of the field moving towards
some rolling hills of even more
wildflowers
[Music]
as you walk you have a feeling that you
are carrying around something extra
something weighing you down making you
feel heavy and tired you reach into your
pockets and feel that surprisingly there
are some smooth stones these stones that
you are carrying around weighing you
down represent your fears and your
feelings of not enough they represent
anything known or unknown to you that is
holding you back
each stone is something that is blocking
the flow of abundance to you slowly take
one stone out of your pocket and leave
it on the path behind you as you
continue walking slowly feel a space
open up inside of you
as you let go of something negative in
your life
there's no need to label what you're
letting go of simply let go knowing it
is something that is no longer
supporting your goals and desires for
abundance continue to do the same with
each of the remaining stones in your
pocket one at a time take your time and
feel the energetic shift feel the space
you have opened up for flow
[Music]
now that you have let go of that which
no longer serves you and you have made
room for the flow of abundance invite it
in letting go of resistance gives way to
an attitude of allowing allow in
positive energy thoughts and beliefs
allow ingratitude love and abundance
feel this flow of positive energy within
you and it is magnetically attracted
back to you take a moment and sense this
energy and positive feeling
as you look around at the field of
flowers now you can see possibilities
and abundance everywhere you look
each of the flowers around you grew from
a seed each seed had everything it
needed within to become the flower that
it is and each flower has the seeds to
become many more flowers and on and on
the cycle goes much like these flowers
have grown from seeds you to have
everything you need within you to have
the life of your dreams and to attract
the abundance in your life that you
desire
the abundance of flowers around you
represent abundance in your life
[Music]
now call to mind what part of your life
you would like to see a flow of
abundance
visualize this component of your life
exactly as you want it to be
and feel how it would feel as if this is
already true soak in the feelings in
this present moment
[Music]
[Music]
the things you think about at the
beginning of your day color your
thoughts for the day ahead in a moment I
will guide you with some positive
affirmation statements inviting the flow
of abundance into your life you can
simply listen and feel the statements or
you can repeat them if you choose I
acknowledge the positive things in my
life I express the feeling of gratitude
often for the blessings in my life I
love myself and believe I am worthy of
abundance to flow to me I allow the flow
of abundance in all aspects of my life
I attract success and abundance I
radiate positive loving energy and that
is what comes back to me I take action
towards my goals of abundance every day
I let go of negative influences and
energy that do not serve me I know that
abundance is unlimited and that my
abundance will benefit others I am
generous and give my unique gifts to the
world and now you have prepared your
mind for the day ahead to see the world
with gratitude and to allow the flow of
abundance to you
[Music]
as you go about your day you will
continue to radiate out love and
positive energy as you attract it back
to you now begin to bring your awareness
back to the present moment back to the
surface below you deepen your breath
again and invite in a building sense of
energy to start your day and when you're
ready open your eyes and start your day
attracting success and abundance thank
you for listening