take a pause from the events of daily
life to take care of yourself so that
you can tap into your own personal
resources and be more productive reboot
and refill your energy reserves to
reduce your overall stress level hello
and welcome I'm Sara Raymond from the
mindful movement it is my honor to be
your guide here at the mindful movement
we are an oasis where you can come to
tap into your inner peace positive
mindset and the ability for self healing
and now to begin I invite you to make
yourself comfortable take a moment to
make any adjustments to your posture or
surroundings to settle into comfort for
this practice
approach this meditation with the
intention to love yourself deeply accept
your experience and give yourself
permission
rather than judgment if the idea of
loving yourself feels uncomfortable you
can imagine the love of a family member
or friend being offered to you like a
warm embrace
as you begin to settle into your posture
soften where you can let yourself slow
down and fully enjoy this time for our
deep nourishment and rejuvenation

feel your body grounded on the surface
below you support it and safe
perhaps you sense your body soften and
relax as you enter the familiar state of
relaxed introspective awareness take a
deep neural in through your nose sending
the breath all the way down the length
of your spine breathe out like a sigh
through your mouth moving the air from
the base of your spine up to the crown
of your head releasing any residual
stress or tension let's do this together
again deep breath in and sigh it out
and one more time breathing in and fully
out
and then allowing your breath to return
to its natural rhythm
these few deep breaths send the signal
to your mind that it's okay to slow down
and relax by creating a safe and relaxed
space for your thoughts and emotions to
be just what they are you are offering
love to heal that which might need
healing whether you are aware of this
need or not during this time that you
have set aside to care for yourself the
world will go on around you
there will be sounds around you and
thoughts that come into your mind simply
acknowledge them and allow them to be
part of the background as you invite
your awareness inward
commit to this practice for yourself
offering yourself deep nourishment
invite your attention now to move to
your physical sensations begin at the
top of your head and scan the sensations
of your body from the inside with a
fluid attention all the way down to the
soles of your feet
as your attention passes over each part
of your body notice with acceptance
let go of judgments of good or bad and
expectations of what you think you might
find based on your past
simply notice what you find and meet it
with love your body is a mirror for what
you are feeling inside
pay attention and you will see

once your awareness reaches your feet

settle your focus on any area that calls
your attention most prominently welcome
anything and everything you are feeling
and thank your body for its ability to
feel let go of past stories or
expectations you may have about your
body simply send love to all the areas
of your entire body think of this time
as deep rest for your body and mind
giving yourself all of the goodness it
needs
as you continue this flowing body scan
practice begin to bring a feeling of
loving-kindness as your attention moves
throughout your body let this love fill
you up
begin to feel a sense of gratitude for
everything your body does for you
automatically
thank your body for its ability to
digest food and turn it into fuel thank
your body for releasing toxins for
pumping blood for breathing and thinking
and allowing you to move around in
whatever capacity your body has

appreciate your body senses that allow
you to smell your favorite scent taste
delicious food see the beautiful sights
around you here the most amazing sounds
and feel the soft touch of a loved ones
embrace each person's body has unique
and beautiful abilities send love to
your unique body just as it is
offer each and every part of your body
gratitude and loving energy
perhaps you may find it difficult to
send love to an area of chronic pain or
deceive if that is your experience it is
okay do your best to be with everything
you sense this too is part of you pain
is part of you a part of you in need of
nourishment the most continue sending
positive healing energy to those parts
stay with the sensations a short while
longer and reflect on the amazing
ability and automatic functions of your
body
send gratitude and vitality to each and
every part of your body your heart and
your soul
invite your attention to rest on your
breath as it flows in its natural rhythm
now notice its path its tempo and its
fullness
perhaps your breath is beginning to slow
down and deepen as you relax or maybe
you feel your breath has become shallow
or even pauses momentarily whatever
you're experiencing is perfect simply be
with the sensations as they arise
feel the sensations of being breathed
receiving the breath into your body
filling you up restoring your energetic
balance and sense of calm
to breathe in is to fill up with air to
fill up with healing life-giving energy
focus on your inhale for the next few
breaths like a pitcher being filled up
with water from the bottom to the top
this is our ability to nourish and heal
ourselves
there is a force greater than us working
to send breath into our bodies and it is
our job to allow it to invite in the
breath
we need to both breathe in to fill up as
well as to breathe out to let go in
order to be balanced to breathe out is
to let go of air to let go of energy to
surrender to the natural rhythm of
breath you can let go to make room for
nourishing energy to fill you up
consider each breath out as a time for
releasing any unwanted energies and
developing the energy you do desire
this is your time to heal and let go
life nature and every energetic being
experiences a natural ebb and flow an
inhalation period as well as an
exhalation period and life is the
balance of expending energy and
restoring energy a balance of growth and
rest
for the next few breaths focus on each
exhale as a time to let go
[Music]
the more connected to your body and
aware you become the more you see that
your body speaks your mind and it speaks
important messages if you are willing
and open to listen today practice loving
and listening to your body invite in a
deep nourishing breath filling up with
rejuvenating energy and breathe out
fully letting go
since the positive sensations in your
body the alive energy pulsing through
you welcome more peace into your life
choose to allow the good to surface and
outshine the negative and now bring your
awareness back to the sensations in your
body back to the surface beneath you and
begin to sense the room around you again
begin now to activate the muscles in
your face and around your eyes with an
intentional joyful smile feel the smile
wash over your face
and notice what a simple smile can do
for how you are feeling
[Music]
bring some gentle movements to your body
perhaps your fingers and toes or your
wrists and ankles and when you are ready
there's no rush
open your eyes and know that you have
taken time for yourself for deep
replenishing nourishment thank you so
much for practicing with me I hope you
have a wonderful day