today I will guide you on a journey of
relaxation
clear your overthinking mind clear the
clutter of your mind to relax and calm
you down naturally you have the state of
peace within you that can be accessed
anytime you'll find the more you
practice the easier it will be to come
back to the state anytime you need and
you will see the benefits trickle over
into many other areas of your life hello
and welcome I'm Sara Raymond from the
mindful movement here we are in Oasis
where you can come to tap into your
inner peace positive mindset and the
ability for self healing enjoy the
journey and now I invite you to make
yourself comfortable
turn off or tune out all distractions
and commit to this time for yourself let
go of your to-do lists and your
responsibilities
taking this time for you for self-care
is a gift to enjoy
you must first help yourself and love
yourself before you can help or love
anyone else when you feel ready close
your eyes and bring your full awareness
to your breath
begin to count the length of your breath
in then as you breathe out encourage
your exhale to be one count longer than
your inhale
allow each exhale to carry away with it
any physical and emotional stress or
tension by exhaling longer than you
inhale your breath will naturally slow
and your body will calm down do this for
a few breaths cycles at your own pace
allowing each slow exhale to settle you
into relaxation and stillness for this
practice

now as you breathe in imagine that your
breath has a bright white color to it
and it is filling you up as you breathe
out this white light is taking with it
any physical tension or feelings of
stress

take a long slow deep breath in through
your nose and now move your breath all
the way down into your abdomen filling
you up with light and making space then
allow your body to just surrender as you
exhale breathing out anything that no
longer serves you each full breath
clears out the clutter and relaxes your
body and mind even more deeply

now allow your breath to return to its
natural rhythm know that your breath is
an anchor or a reminder to be in the
present moment know that you cannot get
back a breath from your past nor can you
make a future breath come any sooner
than the present moment so you know you
are always in the present moment when
you are attentive to your breath your
breath is a reminder to slow down and be
present and this reminder is always with
you

as you may still have thoughts going
through your mind notice them from afar
as if you are an observer notice your
thoughts and you might acknowledge them
by saying in your mind thinking by
acknowledging the act of thinking you
can let it go when your mind does wander
simply come back to your breath and use
this breath as an anchor or a reminder

you'll keep coming back any time your
mind wanders as many times as you need
[Music]
as you focus your attention on your
breath approach this meditation with the
intention to simplify and slow down

allow your body to soften and your
breath to be calm know that your body
responds to your thoughts so you can
think about relaxing and ask your body
for a release of tension your mind is so
powerful and creating change in all
aspects of your life and now invite your
body to relax each muscle completely
begin with the muscles around your eyes
and your jaw by relaxing these muscles
specifically the rest of your body knows
exactly what to do and will relax
in response continue to unclench your
jaw completely
and soften the muscles in and around
your eyes as you begin to feel the
familiar heaviness throughout your
entire body all you have to do is think
about relaxing and releasing the tension
in your body and your body will respond
because it listens to what your mind
tells it

and now feel your entire body let go
feel that the tension in your body has
begun to loosen and subside
know that your subconscious mind will be
aware of anything that is important to
you you are in complete control but for
now your mind and body know it is time
to relax and let go it is time to slow
down
right now all the sounds around you are
unimportant and they simply add to your
relaxation
[Music]
all you need to do is follow the sound
of my voice as a guide and allow your
body to relax and your subconscious mind
will do the job of clearing the clutter
notice how deep and calm your breath has
become as you continue to relax deeper
and deeper you now allow yourself to
drift into a deep state of relaxation
letting yourself go letting your body
mind and spirit become one
continuing to enjoy a peaceful and
tranquil state begin to use your
imagination and in your mind see
yourself in front of a beautifully
decorated glass elevator door this glass
door is etched and frosted with the most
amazing design on it in your mind you
can see the beauty in this design

you can reach out and feel the texture
with your fingers feel the cool
temperature of the glass
this elevator will take you down to the
deepest part of your subconscious mind
so that you can declutter your thoughts
release tension and negativity and this
will allow you to develop positive
thoughts and a calm state of mind in
your mind you see the door to this
elevator opening and you step in to
experience its spaciousness you know you
are completely safe and you can see
through the glass walls of the elevator
you push the B button so that you can go
down to the basement of your mind
this elevator will lead you deep into
relaxation each level will take you
deeper down and in a moment as I count
the elevator will take you down slowly
into a more deeply relaxed state you
will find that the deeper down you go
the more comfortable and calm you will
become the more easily connected to your
deepest subconscious level you will
become and now on the count of ten as
the elevator begins its slow descent you
are deeply relaxed you feel the stress
melting away
9 you feel yourself completely letting
go of any responsibilities or things you
may need to do 8 you know you are right
where you need to be on your journey and
you allow the outside world to just turn
off 7 each level down takes you even
deeper into a relaxed state 6 you feel
yourself going deeper into relaxation
deeper into a connection with yourself
five you are halfway down letting go
completely for going deeper and deeper
into comfort

three almost to the basement of your
subconscious mind to experiencing deep
deep tranquility and one all the way
down into the deep state of relaxation
and peace and now you have reached the
bottom the elevator doors slowly open
and you walk out into the basement of
your subconscious mind you take a look
around and see that you have stepped out
into what looks like a library you see
that this space stores all of your
memories as well as the possibilities
for your future there are rows and rows
of shelves throughout the entire room
each shelf filled with many many books

as you look around you see books of all
different sizes and colors take a moment
to look around see the deepest part of
your subconscious mind and what is
stored here

you might notice some of the books are
disorganized and there are areas of
clutter around the floor in front of
some of the shelves and as you see this
you feel an intense desire to organize
the books so that they are easily
accessed when needed you feel a desire
to clean up the clutter around the room
and you know that by doing this you will
organize and declutter your mind and
your life

you realize that just by thinking about
organizing and cleaning magically this
room changes you recognize how powerful
and brilliant your mind is the room
automatically becomes well-organized and
the clutter is cleared this change has
simplified your life and with this
change you feel a positive
transformation within yourself
you know that deep inside you a switch
has been reset so that everything works
in your favor you are now organized and
decluttered in all areas of your life as
well as your thinking mind
you are easily able to generate support
and inspiration for yourself

you enrich yourself mentally emotionally
and spiritually you easily do all that
it takes to actualize your goals to
thrive and to live in alignment with
your values and intentions
from today forward you begin to take
even better care of yourself you
redefine yourself as a happy energetic
light hearted person you feel like a
physical weight has been lifted to allow
you to be lighter and calmer
you allow new and more empowered
thoughts and inspired feelings of
success healing and wellness to
profoundly build within you you respect
yourself showing yourself love kindness
and compassion
take a moment to let those positive
qualities sink in

and now you let go of any negative
thoughts that no longer serve you you
let go of old outdated beliefs that may
have helped you in the past but are now
holding you back keeping you stuck you
let go of any past negativities and you
replace them with positive behaviors
positive thoughts and feelings of
gratitude
you are aware of your thoughts and you
have the ability to change from a
negative thought to a positive one just
by being aware
you believe without a doubt that you are
strong and confident in your life
you see your past limiting beliefs and
behaviors disappear to be gone for good
[Music]
self-doubt fear and anxiety are things
of the past that cannot will not ever
affect you again you replace these
feelings with optimism confidence and an
easily calm disposition you trust your
instincts and your abilities
you are easily able to accept things as
they are knowing you are exactly where
you are supposed to be on your journey
take a moment longer to feel these
positive words and beliefs as truth as
they sink in to your mind

and now bringing your attention to the
imagined room around you take one last
look around at the organized and
decluttered space of your subconscious
mind know that this new organized space
will translate to stress free anxiety
free living in all aspects of your life

now in your mind begin to walk back
towards the elevator see the doors
slowly open and invite you in
as you step into the elevator you have a
strong sense that you can continue to
experience this calm relaxed state in
your life by continuing the process of
simplifying and clearing the clutter
you know you are capable of achieving
your dreams and that you have the
potential to accomplish great things you
can feel this powerful transformation
happening in your mind and body now as
the elevator begins to take you back up
as the elevator in your mind takes you
up you begin to come back to full
awareness moving up you become more
aware of your physical body in your
breath

with this transformation you feel you
have patience and persistence for the
practice of simplifying and decluttering
your physical world and your mind in
just a moment as I count the elevator
will slowly bring you back up and when
you get to the top you will bring your
awareness back feeling relaxed yet
energized and confident one you are
slowly beginning to come back to full
awareness to bring your awareness to the
present moment to the sounds around you
and to your physical body
three you are feeling relaxed and calm

four and five your mind is clear calm
and confident your thoughts are positive
six you begin to bring some gentle
movements to your body seven and eight
you are feeling wonderful emotionally
calm and at peace you choose to feel
wonderful 9 you feel the strength and
confidence and you believe in yourself
and 10 take a deep breath and open your
eyes you are fully awake and energized
