now I invite you to find comfort

choose a position either seated or lying
down with your spine straight begin by
closing your eyes to heighten your
awareness of this present moment through
the senses other than sight

explore and connect with the space
around you using your senses

allow yourself to settle in to this
space noticing how you relate to the
room around you

notice the air in the room
since the temperature of the air as it
gently contacts your skin
does the air around you feel humid or
dry
is there a distinct smell in the room
and now listen for any sounds within
this room

perhaps you hear the word of a fan or
air conditioning unit

sounds are vibrations and can sometimes
be felt within your body look inward and
feel the sounds
and growing your field of consciousness
now to look for any distant sounds you
may be able to hear without straining
listen to the sound that is the farthest
that you can hear

letting your awareness shift inward to
your body now

and how it interacts with your
surroundings

notice the feel of the fabric of your
clothes on your body

since the constant pull of gravity
anchoring you into the surface beneath
you
now allow your relaxed awareness to rest
on your breath
without manipulation without judgment be
the observer of your natural automatic
breath
be here now as an observer
and witness as your body is being
breathed there is no right or wrong no
good or bad you are exactly where you
need to be this body

this moment
this breath
nothing has ever happened in the past
and nothing will ever happen in the
future
life always takes place in this present
moment
our lives are a series of present moment
experiences what is there for you in the
experience of this moment
lean into this moment
say yes to this moment with your breath
allow it to be the perfect moment that
it is

slowly allow your breath to deepen
inviting your spine to lengthen as you
inhale without effort or force guide
your breath to be deep in both location
and volume

listen to the sound your inhale makes

inhale with an intention an intention to
fully accept this moment as it arrives
when we want the moment to be different
than it is we create an internal
conflict a fight with reality when we
accept the moment for what it is we can
add peace and ease to our moments
knowing wholeheartedly they are as they
should be

we are on our journey always at the
right place always at the right time

now let your breath soften to a natural
rhythm
continuing to inhale with this intention
of presence and as you exhale allow
yourself to let go
let go of areas of tension in your body
perhaps around your eyes and jaw

softening your neck and shoulders let go
of negativity from the past let go of
the worry of what's to come
to be here in this present moment give
yourself permission to let go of the
to-do lists the shoulds and the students
allow yourself to rest your awareness on
the right now
this inhale this exhale

this gift of breath you have right now
for the next few moments of silence I
invite you to continue to practice being
with your breath as the observer

watch the path of each inhale and exhale
listen and feel your breath fully as it
shows up for you right now

observe yourself experiencing this
present moment

allow your breath to slowly deepen again
invite your awareness back to the
surface noticing the sounds in the room
again
perhaps since any difference of how you
feel now from when you began this
meditation and when you are ready makes
some very small movements with your body
maybe rubbing your thumb and finger
together or perhaps wiggling your toes
and begin to let a little light into
your eyes and now take one more deep
breath opening your eyes and smiling in
gratitude for taking this time for
yourself
thank you for practicing with me today