today's meditation will invite you to
rest your attention on the present
moment you can put the worry aside from
these uncertain and challenging times we
face while it may not be realistic to
alter the components of our life
situation or the potential stressors we
can take the time to pause connect with
the present moment come home to yourself
and be in peace as your life situation
is always changing you don't always have
control of what does happen you do have
control of your responses your life is
this moment this breath this body notice
your environment your breath your senses
and adjust your responses for peace in
this moment
practice this now during meditation so
that you can continue to experience
peace in your day-to-day life hello and
welcome to the mindful movement I'm
Sarah Raymond here we are an oasis where
you can come to tap into your inner
peace positive mindset and the ability
for self healing and now I invite you to
make yourself comfortable
start this practice by offering yourself
a moment of gratitude close your eyes if
you like and if it feels right to you
bring your hands together in front of
your heart
[Music]
honor yourself and this time you have
taken to cherish the present moment may
you experience peace joy and a strong
loving connection with yourself
may this practice invite you to cherish
all that you are and all that you have
in this moment
allow your hands to rest by your side in
an easy effortless posture when you are
ready as you begin to settle into
stillness become aware of your
environment with your sense of hearing
notice broadly the happenings around you
as if you are stepping back to witness
the big picture
since the farthest sound that you can
hear seek it out actively at first
[Music]
[Music]
listen to the sound of my voice as it
layers with the other sounds around you
practice observation without judgment
simply notice listen to the layers of
the sounds around you
how the energy of sounds coexist and
mingle together
[Music]
perhaps even feel the sounds in your
body as vibrations
this practice is not about what you find
but that you are observing in the
present moment without judgment without
the desire to change choose how you
perceive the situation around you
you can practice welcoming these sounds
as a teacher for your meditation rather
than seeing them as a distraction
gradually allow your awareness to come
closer to you gradually begin to come
home to yourself become aware of the
energy within the walls of the room you
are in
come home to yourself in this moment
home is this time of pause
this cherished and blissful connection
to yourself
[Music]
find peace in the stillness the
stillness between breaths and between
thoughts
the stillness of simply being no need to
change or force anything simply be
[Music]
[Music]
allow your outward attention to soften
as you turn your listening inward to
contemplate what your physical body is
experiencing right now
[Music]
narrow your field of awareness a bit
more as you notice the air as it gently
touches your skin feel the fabric of
your clothes as it meets your body
since the weight of your body as it
makes contact with the surface below you
[Music]
now softly scan your body from within
allow yourself to feel your body as it
is without judgment
allow it to be just as it is in this
moment allow the good the softness allow
the tension
allow yourself to feel whatever is there
for you in this moment
meet yourself right where you are with
kindness and care
if you find your attention is drawn to
areas of typical tightness or discomfort
offer a bit of loving kindness and
acceptance for this part of yourself
remember it is just that part of you
come home to yourself just as you are
with love connect with yourself with
love and acceptance you are strong
enough to hold space for all of it
[Music]
as you observe any tension you might be
feeling you can choose to allow it
accept it and offer the tension love as
part of you you can now choose to let it
go watch your body as the tension drifts
away
[Music]
as you take time to check in with your
physical experience now practice
remembering that life is this moment you
can come home to yourself come home to
the peace within you awake to the
sensations in your body what are the
sensations in your hands and in your
feet right now
feel the aliveness the energy moving
within you the buzzing or vibrations
[Music]
inhabit your body fully the attention to
your sensations lets you live in this
body it invites you to sense your own
aliveness in the present
[Music]
when your mind is attentive to the
sensations of your body you can pause
you can extend the gap between your
thoughts this cherished pause is where
you can experience peace and calm in the
now
continue allowing your awareness to flow
throughout your body from the inside
noticing what's there for you now
[Music]
perhaps you may experience a softening
of tension
as your focus flows over each part of
your body you may notice your jaw and
allow it to soften
[Music]
or perhaps your mind's eye travels to
your neck and shoulders and as it does
you experience a sense of letting go
and this deep relaxation from the inside
washes over your entire body like a wave
with the simple act of paying attention
[Music]
deepen your inhale and watch your body
soften as you exhale feel your body
begin to let go
[Music]
create space for your body to rest let
go of any tension or holding to relax
further and further
[Music]
you hold the tools to sculpt this moment
and every other moment in your life into
the shape of your choosing
you can practice shifting lenses now you
have the ability to shape your
experiences through a positive lens
[Music]
you always have this choice it is one of
your many gifts
[Music]
you can brighten the world by shaping
your life in a positive light
if you experience something challenging
you can choose to see it with love you
can choose to see it with compassion
[Music]
love and compassion for yourself and
everyone you are connected with
you can begin to shape this moment
connecting with peace when you come home
to yourself you can choose to experience
the peace that is within you
imagine framing this moment through a
positive perspective of peace
[Music]
inhale this moment in with peace exhale
in this moment with relaxation know that
you can add peace to your life at any
moment by pausing and coming home to
yourself you can choose to move your
attention inward and enjoy the moment be
in the moment
whatever it is choose to be present
[Music]
whether it is your first sip of coffee
or tea in the morning or a smile from a
loved one it is possible to learn to
delve deeper into peace at any moment
you can do this by shifting your
perspective by fully experiencing the
moment and looking for the positive
rather than the negative in the
situation
[Music]
imagine shifting your perspective in any
given moment
a moment such as walking in the rain
when you forgot your umbrella
[Music]
imagine shifting your perspective in any
given moment a moment such as a time
where you may have missed an appointment
or a moment when you have
unintentionally skipped a meal and you
are experiencing hunger
there will be moments like these that
have the ability to provide a challenge
how can you enjoy these moments how can
you find good in them come home to
yourself connect with the peace within
you
[Music]
dig a little deeper find your joy
created from within it is your choice it
is perspective
embrace the rain
embrace a mistake or a challenge as an
opportunity to learn and grow
let it fill your heart with gratitude
for the abundant life you have
how can you grow from this experience
connect with the peace from within come
home to yourself you can choose to live
in joy you can choose
to be present and enjoy the moment
[Music]
how can you shift your response to your
life situation so that you can see the
positive
[Music]
how can you shift your response to enjoy
the moment
and how can you shift your response to
connect with the peace within you
perhaps you may be able to see an injury
or illness as an opportunity to feel
more you can choose to acknowledge the
sensations you can see a difficult time
as an opportunity to analyze your
current physical well-being and begin to
make a positive change
perhaps a difficult time gives you the
opportunity to pause and look within to
see if maybe there is something you've
neglected
right now can you find the gratitude for
the health that you do have
this is not to say times won't be
difficult however there is an
opportunity to color your experience
with positive emotions such as joy
gratitude peace and love
[Music]
you can choose to find these positive
emotions they are available if you look
closely enjoy the moments
stay with the experience of your
sensations and the peace within you for
a moment longer
build a strong connection to that inner
peace
know that you can always come back home
to this calm state because it has always
been a part of you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
begin to broaden your awareness outward
since again the air around you as it
makes gentle contact with any exposed
skin take a full breath in and let it
out as slowly as you can and do this
again breathing in and letting go as
many times as you need come back home to
yourself
take a pause to move toward peace
anytime you need it may you experience
moments of blissful peace and connection
with yourself during uncertain and
challenging times on your journey of
life when you are ready open your eyes
thank you for practicing with me today
may you experience peace joy and a
strong loving connection with yourself
