first let me offer my sincere
congratulations to you for taking this
important first step in your meditation
practice the fact that you are hearing
this recording means you have decided to
make time for yourself to turn the lens
of your vision inward when we are more
often looking outward frequently not
knowing the right way to meditate or the
possibility of not doing it perfectly
may be discouraging when beginning a
practice in reality meditation is not a
destination it is a journey it is not
about the outcome it is about the
process about the curiosity you bring to
what is there for you right now there is
no wrong way to do it this is why we
refer to it as a meditation practice not
a meditation perfect for today's
practice we will follow three stages and
if you decide to continue to practice on
your own you can follow these stages or
come back to this recording as a guide
as frequently as you like you can follow
these three stages for five minutes or
an hour or any time you decide simply
show up with a positive and open mind
and now let's begin I invite you to find
a posture that allows you to be alert
and awake
yet still unrelaxed perhaps close your
eyes or soften your gaze on a fixed
point and let the background blur
[Music]
without expectations of what you think
you will find observe your breath in its
natural state without changing or
judging
the first stage of today's meditation is
to focus on one thing and that will be
your breath
[Music]
the next stage is to focus on nothing in
particular with the intention to go back
to the first stage of focus if you find
your mind wandering and the third stage
is to let go into blissful peace and
simply be these stages do not need to be
linear and you can move from one to the
other and back again
sometimes practicing will be comfortable
and come easily
and other times it may be difficult and
uncomfortable emotions can arise your
meditation practice parallels life in
this way
the practice is about the journey not
the destination
begin to notice any sensations you
experience on each inhale
[Music]
maybe you feel the air passed through
your nostrils
can you sense the path your breath
travels once inside your body
[Music]
[Music]
what subtle changes do you experience
with each breath in notice your chest
and back rise and expand with each
inhale
do you feel invigorated with each inhale
and now what do you notice about your
natural exhale
do you sense a softening as your breath
is expelled
what does your breath sound like
perhaps you feel that the air is
slightly warmer with your exhale than it
is on your inhale notice your chest and
back sink and soften with each exhale
notice your own natural pattern as it
comes and goes
do you feel a subtle relaxation as you
exhale each time
[Music]
and now for the next few breaths since
the natural pause between each part of
your breath there is a moment after you
inhale and before you begin your next
exhale where you can bring your
attention to rest
[Music]
continuing to focus on your breath a
little longer begin to create an equal
part breath starting to count the length
of your inhale and match the length with
your exhale
you may find that as you practice this
equal part breath the lengths and depth
of your breath extends whatever you
notice is okay
perhaps explore what it would be like to
start your inhale from low in your belly
then fill up your ribs and chest then
all the way up to your throat and then
exhale fully for the same length as your
inhale
practice this equal count breath for
several more cycles until your focus
naturally releases the counting to focus
on nothing in particular
then you will practice being in quiet
stillness
if your mind wanders off into thought or
story or you notice a noise or
distraction simply bring your attention
back to your counting and the equal part
breath
until you are ready once more to focus
on nothing specific and let go into
bliss
enjoy this practice for a few moments
longer and I will bring your attention
back when it's time
this is a practice it is natural to lose
focus so be kind to yourself and keep
coming back continue to start over when
you need without judging
it is time now to begin the journey to
looking outward once more take your time
deepen your breath again bring some
gentle movements to your fingers and
toes and welcome in refreshing energy
throughout your body as your field of
consciousness grows out from your Center
bring some light and color into your
eyes from your surroundings at first
notice this space where part of you is
still looking inward as another part of
you is beginning to look outward again
how long can this experience last
throughout your day are you able to
metaphorically continue to have one eye
looking inward as the other is looking
outward thank you for practicing with me
today remember meditation like learning
any other skill takes practice
perseverance and patience keep showing
up
keep practicing 