when you can route yourself in the
present moment it allows you to let go
of the worry of what's to come in the
future and possible regrets about what
has happened in the past create a safe
and tranquil environment for yourself to
experience the stress relief of being
present this practice will not only
relieve the stress you may be
experiencing now but also releases
stress you may be carrying from the past
hello and welcome I'm Sara Raymond from
the mindful movement here we are an
oasis where you can come to tap into
your inner peace positive mindset and
the ability for self healing let's
settle in to this relaxing meditation I
invite you to make yourself as
comfortable as possible find a position
that you can be relaxed yet alert

[Laughter]

make any adjustments to your posture or
your surroundings so that you can come
into a place of effortless ease
perhaps close your eyes or soften your
gaze take in a deep breath through your
nose and sigh it out through your mouth
take two more breaths just like this to
begin to calm your body and mind
and now enjoy the easy flow of your
natural breath today we will use our
senses to observe the present moment
mindfulness is in essence the practice
of bringing your awareness into the
present moment begin now to use your
sense of hearing to broaden your field
of awareness listen to the sounds in
your immediate surroundings
what noises can you hear that are close
to you

are there sounds of the heater or
air-conditioning running is there a
clock ticking

do you hear birds or animals are there
cars or other vehicles bringing noise to
your awareness
listen to the sound of my voice to be in
a relaxed state in this present moment
what is the subtlest sound that you can
detect when you listen even if you have
headphones on maybe you can detect a
quiet buzz on the recording or some
other sound in the background
what would it be like to let the sounds
around you come to you rather than
working to search them out
are you able to hear your own sounds the
sounds of your breathing
this is the practice of observation
without judgment it is not about what
you find but that you are looking
let these sounds be your teacher of the
present moment experience rather than a
distraction begin to let the intensity
of your listening fade as if the sounds
blur into the background of your focus

and then become aware of what you can
see while you likely have your eyes
closed
do you see blackness on the inside of
your eyelids or do you detect the
smallest amount of light coming through
maybe you can see patches or swirls of
color

take a moment to notice all that you can
see

inviting your attention now to move to
your sense of smell notice the most
prevalent smell you can detect

perhaps it is the scent of your body
care products or maybe there are flowers
in the room
or maybe you are simply aware that there
seems to be no specific smell around you

remember this is about bringing your
awareness into the present moment by
noticing your senses rather than judging
or labeling good or bad

let your awareness move now to anything
you can taste do you notice the faint
taste of toothpaste or a minty gum

perhaps you're aware of the taste of
your last drink or meal still lingering
inside your mouth
or you may simply notice the wet
sensation in your mouth
allow your awareness to notice what your
physical body is experiencing now
feel the sensation that draws your
attention most prominently again no need
to judge or label good or bad just
notice
[Music]
notice the areas where your body meets
the support beneath you become aware of
where your clothes or your hair subtly
brush your skin
[Music]
since the energy where one part of your
body is touching another part can you
sense the vibrations of your energy
what do you feel at the palms of your
hands
is there energy vibrations or a sense of
buzzing there
[Music]
do you feel a certain temperature in
your fingertips
often times we can connect to our own
innate energy simply by attending to the
energy of our hands
what is the volume of what your body is
telling you are there areas that are
louder than others asking for you to
listen
are there any subtle messages being
offered within you
[Music]
as you are attending to the sense of
touch in various ways take a moment to
soften and release anywhere you can
since the shift in your body
[Music]
[Music]
it is often said there is a sixth sense
the sense is the power of perception
similar but not one of the five physical
senses it is a strong intuitive power
by connecting with your feelings and
emotions during meditation you can
develop this instinct or sixth sense
listen inward for what you are feeling
right now is there contentment or peace
[Music]
what are the other qualities you are
aware of when you quietly observe
look inward not inwards or labels but in
sensations and feelings without judgment
these sensations and the awareness of
the sensations the listening inward it
allows you to connect with your body and
your heart listen to your heart what do
you hear from your heart right now
[Music]
it's okay if it seems nothing is coming
to you now it will
this is the practice of present moment
observation and opening to the
possibilities of what you may find
[Music]
we practice witnessing the present
moment because stress is experienced
when living in the past or the future
peace is found right here right now move
towards peace
take a moment longer to notice your
senses again perhaps you can become
aware of all of your senses at the same
time or choose to scan through them each
again

take another deep breath with your eyes
still closed
as you slowly invite your field of
awareness to broaden outward once more
notice sounds sights
smells
tastes and feelings

as you are beginning to open your field
of awareness and sense your surroundings
see if you can do so while you continue
to stay connected with your inner
experience and when you feel ready
gradually let a little light in through
your eyes and take in your surroundings
once more continue to practice using
your senses to come to the present
moment any time throughout your day to
experience a sense of peace in the now
thank you so much for practicing with me
today I hope you have a peaceful and
calm day