[Music]
hello and welcome to this guided astral
projection meditation be sure that you
are seated or lying down comfortably
remember that each journey is unique and
there is no correct or incorrect way to
astral project or have an out of the
body experience
your experiences throughout the course
of this meditation will be perfect they
will be exactly what is right for you at
this time in your journey there is no
expectation there is no judgment there
is only the realization that you already
hold within you the power to do anything
some people may fall asleep during this
process this is normal as some people
need to fall asleep in order to release
resistance to astral planning this
meditation will still help you even if
you fall into a sleep cycle if you are
comfortable and ready it is no time
[Music]
slowly lower your eyelids and gently
close your eyes begin to bring awareness
to your breath do not try to breathe it
rather allow your own breath to breathe
in and out naturally notice the
sensations on the ends of your nostrils
as you inhale and exhale how does the
breath feel is it cool or warm perhaps
how do you lips feel observe the
rhythmic pattern as your chest rises and
falls experience the sensation of the
breath passing back and forth across
your heart chakra in the center of your
chest
feel the timeless around your belly as
you inhale and the pressure that is
released there as you exhale notice the
tightness in your belly begin to loosen
more and more with each exhalation the
muscles surrendering themselves to the
breath
listen to the air as it passes by the
inside of your throat observe the slight
and natural pauses that occur between
each breath the breath does not panic in
these moments it does not try to breathe
itself in again it simply is it simply
exists in a perfect state of being of
trusting and allowing it is in perfect
harmony with the universe this breath is
you
[Music]
[Music]
if any thoughts arise thank them for
their presence and allow them to float
away you do not need to entertain these
thoughts you do not need to suppress
these thoughts every aspect of your
being is exactly as it should be in this
moment breathe
notice any tension within your physical
body bring your breath lower and lower
into these areas
feel the breath soothing and unwinding
the muscles continue breathing into and
relaxing any places where the tension is
held you do not need to hold on to
anything everything within our universe
is meant to flow you do not need to try
to force yourself into a state of
relaxation you just simply allow allow
yourself to flow with the rhythm of the
breath the breath doesn't need to think
of how to breathe it simply exists you
do not need to think of how to become
one with the divine you already are you
do not need to become anything you are
already the more which you see bring
your awareness to your face begin to
relax the muscles in your jaw release
any tension from your cheeks and eyes
relax your eyebrows and finally release
all tension from your furrowed allow
your focus to settle in the center of
your foreign at the third eye stay here
in this place this place of simply being
a place that exists in the layers
between realities a place in which
expectation is a distant memory
anticipation relaxes and dissipates into
allowing you are one one with all that
is
[Music]
you
[Music]
with your attention on your third I see
yourself opening your third higher to
the entire universe notice any tingling
sensations that may occur in this area
or other parts of your body these are
normal think of these is a sort of
vibrational ecstasy a doorway which you
are passing through allow these
sensations to intensify bring the energy
of your third eye forward as your energy
passes willingly through this doorway
feel the universe welcoming you
enveloping your every cell it covers and
saturates you with love and peace you
realize that there is nothing to fear
here you realize that this is not the
unknown for you have been here before
the welcoming feeling of the universe
beckons your spirit forth
you can feel every cell within you
exciting as they begin to spin faster
and faster breathe feel the breath renew
the life of each cell as it embarks on
his journey
[Music]
you allow the cells to spin even faster
as you give yourself over to the
tingling sensations within you the cells
begin to spin so rapidly that you no
longer interpret them as a physical body
you begin to see yourself for who you
truly are you see the vibration of your
essence shining forth you feel each cell
being pulled through the doorway breathe
into this experience as every cell of
your existence has been completely
pulled through this doorway of universal
consciousness from this state you can be
or do anything there is nothing that
exceeds your desires you are not limited
by third dimensional laws and so you fly
saw through the universe as dimensions
fold upon themselves curving inwards
like pages to reveal other realities
breathe from galaxy to galaxy you
explore seeing things you've never even
imagined it before you choose the
experience you wish to have and so you
choose to stand amongst the stars they
move and swirl in cyclones and waves
they shine with an incomparable
brightness and yet the brightness does
not hurt your eyes it's as if you were
looking at a soft glow instead you
encircle them in or of what is happening
you stick out your hands and the stars
fall through the center of your palms
and zip through the sky
notice that the sound they make as they
dash through the sky as you look down
the middle of the cyclone you can see
the stars racing rapidly through
multiple dimensional layers all at once
what marvelous things do you see as you
peek in on the other worlds take a
moment to observe and admire
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
with complete trust in the universe you
give yourself to the eye of the cyclone
and you like the stars race down through
the galaxies as you fly down when you
run your fingers across and down the
body of the stars somehow they do not
feel separate from you it is as if you
are experiencing your own touch looking
around you can see other beautiful
beings dancing upon the Stars as they
continue their descent as you fly
downward you begin to feel a familiar
sensation of home closer and closer the
sensation grows and suddenly the stars
disappear
and your feet may planted on a field of
tall green grass
[Music]
there is immediate stillness
the contrast between the stillness of
standing versus the inertia of flying
puzzles you for a moment
and you stand there taking note of all
that surrounds you the blades of grass
feel cool soft and moist between your
toes
you look around fields of flowers being
caressed by a golden stream of light
the Golden Lion draws near to you moving
through the air like a snake you desire
to feel it touch you and so it is the
golden light runs over your arms and
suddenly your arms feel much warmer you
take this light into your hands and form
a ball
staring at this ball you create the most
radiant color patterns you have ever
seen all colliding and spilling inside
of this golden sphere you place the ball
onto your chest and it seeps through to
your heart warming it instantly you look
down and watch the colors run through
the insides of your body you can see
every vein within you is filled with
light your entire body warms and you are
overwhelmed with joy the light has
filled up everything within you and rays
of color begin shining through your
pores
[Music]
your pores expand opening themselves
more and more to this experience
[Music]
you can no longer distinguish between
yourself and this radiant light that
shines through you the feeling of joy
deepens and your pores expand even
further to allow the light through
[Music]
you take a deep breath and as you
breathe everything within you swells
exhale
you become polite
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
this magnificent and joyous life that is
now you can see every be feeding upon
the flowers in the field here the sum of
every bird perched upon the trees you
notice all and your life touches all
that exists as this slide you begin
folding dimensions again
taking notes of the places that you'd
like to explore and before you you can
see earth he wrap yourself around its
body and it is now covered in light you
begin seeping through the atmosphere of
the earth you pass over the oceans lakes
and streams feeling the coolness of the
water beneath you
you feel yourself getting closer to your
earthly high
you were filled with the excitement of
the idea of bringing this love and
happiness to the third dimension
closer and closer to home as you pass
through web Serbian
you are the lion is you begins to slowly
take on your physical form you begin to
see more and more of your mystical body
as the light draws itself into you it
settles in the center of your chest
breathe
you can now feel the heaviness of your
own body
wiggle your toes and stretch your
fingers you are aware of all that
surrounds you breathe and with a smile
you slowly open your eyes
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]




