[Music]
hello and welcome to the magic book
guided meditation visualization letting
go I'm Jason and welcome and for the
next 20 or 30 minutes please find a
place where you cannot be disturbed
switch off your mobile phones and either
sitting or lying down relax so wherever
you are seated or reclining bring your
attention to your body feel it occupying
space the silent companion on your
journey through life let your eyes drift
shut
[Music]
this is time for you
time to let your mind soften and catch
up with your body this is the time and
the space for you to evaluate what you
are carrying with you and what it is
time to release do not let yourself
worry about anything now your only task
at this very moment is to pay attention
to what is happening in your body and
mind and to dissolve into total
relaxation feel your breath your chest
rising and falling
take a moment to thank your body for all
of us done for you today if any pain or
tension stands out to you at this moment
take a deep breath and exhale it out
removing this sensation from your body
continue doing this
inhaling fresh pure air and exhaling any
thoughts or tensions from your day feel
your ribs and belly as you breathe savor
the heaviness in your limbs as they
relax letting gravity hold you in its
gentle embrace envision your place in
this room where you are in relation to
the objects around you
now focus your mind's eye on a nearby
wall or flat surface and watch as a door
materializes slowly as if emerging from
a heavy fog in your mind's eye allow
yourself to rise and approach it reach
out and run your hand across it noticing
the texture in history of the material
it is made from when you are ready grasp
the door knob or handle and pull it open
revealing a staircase behind the door
[Music]
at the top of the stairs is a place that
feels familiar
and saved here even if you do not
remember visiting it so at this moment
take a hold of the stair rail and begin
your ascent up the stairs knowing that
what awaits you is something with great
healing power with every step you take
you feel any cares and worries of the
day for behind you they will be tidied
up and organized and only the important
ones will be waiting for you when you
come back so right now free yourself of
whatever baggage you might be carrying
and observe the sensations in your body
as you climb the staircase the closer
you get to the top the nearer you get to
a warm golden light
you are nearing the landing now and as
you take the last step
breathing deeply he find yourself in a
library large windows look out onto
white wispy clouds and an intensely blue
sky you can feel tension melting away
simply being in this place taking in the
shelves of our navy bound books and the
gentle sunlight allow yourself to take
even deeper breaths breathing in the
center of well-loved books and the total
peacefulness of the room ahead of you is
a soft comfortable chair feel your feet
carry you towards it and allow your body
to sink into the upholstery let your
breath wash out as you feel all the
stress fading away dissolving into the
fabric of the chair you are totally safe
and totally comfortable in this place
next to you lies a small book bound in
forest green fabric when you are ready
pick it up
feeling the tiny ridges of the fabrics
weave know how this book has been
waiting for you patiently hoping for
your presence here in the library as you
hold it in your hands observe the way
the letters appear and rearrange
themselves on the cover forming
themselves into
two simple words letting go
[Music]
[Music]
know that when you open this
you will be taken something you have
never been before someplace calming and
totally safe
when you return to this chair you will
be lighter and totally at peace free
from any suffering or fear you may carry
with you at this moment so when you are
ready open the book and see the words
run together faster and faster absorbing
you into a warm bath of language watch
them grow larger filling up your field
of vision until you can see nothing but
the rush of letters
and now they're dissolving leaving you
standing on a large rock near a tranquil
stream
[Applause]
breathe deeply inhaling the scent of
leaves moss and wet papers you are in a
forest quiet except for occasional
birdsong and the gentle trickle of water
as it passes by your feet notice the way
the sunlight filters through the canopy
overhead creating golden speckles that
rest on the soil and glint off the
moving water smile knowing you are alone
in this beautiful landscape free to
breathe deeply and let go of any cares
and responsibilities as you breathe
deeply watching the sunlight meander
back and forth and trees sway in the
breeze bring your attention back to
yourself where our pain and tension
hiding in your body are you carrying
something in your back your neck your
shoulders is there any tension in your
hips or perhaps even the way you squeeze
your eyelids shut
as you focus your awareness on these
places feel the speckles of light move
to land on them melting pain and
replacing it with peacefulness feel the
way is like darts about moving with the
fluttering leaves but also healing
wherever your body may be hurting as you
continue to breathe deeply bring your
awareness from your body to your mind
what are you carrying with you is this
something in your life that is causing
you stress or suffering
are there old fears hanging around your
neck weighing you down in this place of
total serenity allow these uncomfortable
thoughts and feelings to surface knowing
that you are here in a place where
everything can be healed
while you allow these ideas and
sensations to surface begin to hear a
Russian sound getting louder and louder
with every breath we take
when you can hear nothing else turn
around and taking the scene that awaits
you there's a waterfall so tall its
shoulders are obstructed by a delicate
mist clean white water flows over the
lossy stones rushing down the many faces
and cascades in various sizes and
strengths
as you look at it you know this
waterfall contains the ultimate
cleansing power
power to wash away what hurts you and an
unwavering promise to keep you safe
as you approach these strong soothing
waters feel the way the world they were
conceived
ready to ease you on your burdens
and wash away any negativity there
notice the temperature of the water I
suspected
the way it spoilers around Hawaii Subin
just warming up
feel it carry you gently towards the
work
the way it supports you and that a
healthy it gets
understand I was trying to say
no matter what you experience unlike the
world No
any suffering mailari anything would all
be washed away
you are completely safe
as you get closer and closer to the
viewer
there's the way to rumble increases in
volume what
being the coolest intellectual face
leaving Julie truck nuts on the cheeks
and pass through the spray of pure clean
water
and you find yourself on the edge behind
the coils
take a moment to relish the shape our
surrounding environment the world of
work and of course with any
Brook Valley
so going back to County
peaceful future with rectangle monkey
imagine it appearing in your hands
step underhook a short walk
filled the bag of water swirls around
sweeping away
notice how powerfully it washes away
these troubles without for a moment
causing me pain discomfort or fear savor
the way the water envelopes your whole
body totally pure value of anything you
can be as fears sensations and tensions
arise allow the Falls to whisk them all
away
amidst the waters endless current
as you continue to feel the liver
cascading around your head with
shoulders palms
feel the sense of lightness a total
purification that comes with it
know that you can return to this place
anytime you wish and the waterfall will
welcome you back enjoy all of the
sensations that surround you and as you
observe see the water surrounding you
transform into letters the letters shift
into words and the words blur together
running faster and faster until they
surround you totally enveloping you
until you can see nothing but characters
and then they dissolve and you were
seated back in the library lighter safer
and more serene than you could ever have
imagined although you hold the green
book in your hands
know that it will be shelved once you
leave the library patiently awaiting
your return
[Music]
and with this knowledge rise from the
chair and walk toward the staircase
when you reach it smile and thank the
library for your time here and in the
forest take your first step down the
stairs and as you continue down notice
that although you were approaching the
door you discovered when we first began
this meditation your feelings of
peacefulness and lightness only increase
you are refreshed and renewed entirely
cleansed of all negativity and
self-doubt
[Music]
when you reach the bottom of the stairs
open the door and return to the chair
which you were seated in before sit down
and savor the serenity you have brought
back from your time under the waterfall
[Music]
everything that weighed you down is gone
and you are free to begin again
anything is possible now that you are
totally at peace lighter and Kanna
than you have ever felt before and so
holding this sensation in your mind and
body begin to wriggle your fingers and
toes gently wake up the part of you that
rested while you are on your journey
[Music]
when you are ready
let your eyes open and smile at the
world around you
who have emerged from your meditation
cleansed ready for a fresh start in
every part of your life
[Music]
you
[Music]