[Music]
[Music]
hello and welcome to this healing space
guided meditation over the course of the
next few minutes we will travel together
into contemplative silence and then open
the doors to any feelings you may be
holding inside yourself offering them a
safe way to emerge and be released as we
begin make yourself comfortable
settle in and begin to listen to the
rhythm of your own breath allow the
music to carry you deeper as you begin
this journey into your own mind and
spirit
[Music]
[Music]
begin to let go of the thoughts that
appear in your mind jockeying for
attention they are bright and exciting
but they will lead you off the path of
relaxation and into the arena of
problem-solving you spend so much of
your waking life problem-solving like a
matador against a never-ending series of
balls he do not need to do this now this
is your chance to be quiet soft tranquil
as you feel your breath flowing through
your lungs oxygen transported through
your body by your blood let your breath
flow through you dissolve any energy
blockage or muscle tension it encounters
along the way
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
as you find yourself relaxing more
deeply muscles softening and bones
resting easily let your mind's eye open
and your imagination take flight on your
next deep exhale you are sitting beside
a river legs crossed and hands resting
on your knees palms up
it is night here and the sky and the
water of varying depths of black despite
this you know that you are absolutely
safe here and that as long as you
continue breathing and listening to this
meditation nothing bad can happen to you
so take this opportunity to follow your
breath even more closely feeling every
minuscule change in your lungs as you
inhale and exhale
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
as thoughts come up look them in the eye
smile and give them permission to leave
you they bow to you and promise that if
you need to speak with them again they
can be caught up at a moment's notice
they do not want to disturb you during
this time for you
so allow yourself the freedom to tend to
them later this space is a space for
your healing and total surrender to
relaxation and awareness embrace it now
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and now bring your mind's eye back to
the night around you the dark water
ahead of you feel how there is no danger
nearby
as you are protected by your own
subconscious mind and the benevolence of
the world surrounding you you are
absolutely safe with this in mind let
your imaginary eyes adjust a little
further into the darkness and begin to
notice the variations in the night the
places where some of the deep blue or
black a lighter than others embrace the
silence and feel the tranquility that
comes with it in this space your hands
rest on your knees palm up they are
receptive to whatever emotions arise in
yourself a feeling good or bad appears
in your heart and as it does you begin
to notice a paper lantern hovering just
above your palms growing slowly less
translucent as you become more familiar
with the emotion within you let whatever
you feel fill your consciousness passing
through you and into the lantern without
judgment or fear feel fully but let
yourself feel without thinking allowing
the emotion to be within you but not
about you
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
there is a candle nestled within this
Lantern and as you allow this emotion to
flow through you a small flame appears
with your every breath it grows a bit
stronger until a cheerful tongue of
flame illuminates the paper that
shelters it from the wind no matter how
an emotion affects you it is beautiful
and unique just as this lantern is
exquisite in its simplicity take a
moment to say thank you to the wisdom
this feeling has brought you as you
carried it along your daily journey
these past weeks or years feel gratitude
for it slight well-up in your chest a
warmth radiating from your heart
outwards and then when you are ready
whisper goodbye as the lantern begins to
lift away from your palms it floats
higher bobbing gently in the breeze as
it floats upwards stopping high above
your head its candle flame is golden
against the inky night sky the light
rippling on the surface of the water
admire it for a moment and then return
to your hands as another lantern perhaps
a different color or pattern begins to
materialize just above them
feel the emotions run through you and
when you are ready release this lantern
and any others that follow it into the
sky watching a constellation of candle
lights appearing in the sky and the
rivers reflection you are surrounded by
lights
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
look at all the lanterns all around you
the lights that flicker in the sky and
the water with the golden warmth these
are the feelings that you have carried
with you the emotions that have taught
you much but are no longer useful on
your journey they are magnificent but
they are temporary and you may let them
go take a moment to thank them again for
their presence and their guidance and
when you are ready sigh out your breath
in a long slow wash as you do so the
lanterns Bob gently and begin to float
upwards lights growing smaller and
smaller until they are like tiny
pinpricks in the sky one by one they
disappear from view carried far out into
space to dance with the Stars you are
free
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
you
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
[Music]
and now slowly begin to bring yourself
back to your physical body
calling your spirit back with compassion
you have undergone significant healing
in the past few minutes so be gentle
with yourself as you continue your daily
journeys when you are ready let your
eyes drift open and smile you are light
you are free and you will discover
exactly what you need
[Music]
you
you
[Music]
you