{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Hello my loves, welcome to a guided sleep meditation by Lavendaire.\cb3 \
\cb1 This meditation will help you relax your body and your mind, preparing you for a peaceful,\cb3 \
\cb1 deep sleep. We will start in a seated posture, and then move onto a lying posture later on.\cb3 \
\cb1 Please find a comfortable seated position on your bed. It might help to add a pillow\cb3 \
\cb1 under you for support. ...\cb3 \
\cb1 Rest your hands on your knees, with your palms facing up. Close your eyes.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a moment to feel your body, and feel the natural flow of your breath.\cb3 \
\cb1 ...\cb3 \
\cb1 Regardless of what happened in your day, it is time to let it go. Release your day, release\cb3 \
\cb1 all the worries, release all the stress. You don't need it anymore.\cb3 \
\cb1 We'll take 5 deep breaths, with an open mouth exhale. When you inhale, think of peace. When\cb3 \
\cb1 you exhale, let go of any tension that you may be holding onto, both in your body and\cb3 \
\cb1 in your mind. With each exhale, find a deeper & deeper level of release.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a deep breath in through your nose, filling up the space in the bottom of your belly...\cb3 \
\cb1 Then a deep exhale out through your mouth, releasing all the worries and tension from\cb3 \
\cb1 your day.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take another deep breath in through your nose, breathing in peace,\cb3 \
\cb1 And a big exhale out through your mouth, exhaling all the stress...\cb3 \
\cb1 Deep inhale through your nose, let the air reach deep into your belly...\cb3 \
\cb1 And a deep exhale out through your mouth, letting go...\cb3 \
\cb1 Another deep inhale through your nose,\cb3 \
\cb1 Exhale and let it all out... feel your body soften & relax...\cb3 \
\cb1 Final deep breathe in... inviting peace...\cb3 \
\cb1 And exhale... drop your shoulders and release...\cb3 \
\cb1 Become aware of how your body feels now. And how your breath grows slower and deeper as\cb3 \
\cb1 you relax. ....\cb3 \
\cb1 The mind and body are one. When our mind relaxes, our body relaxes, and vice versa. When we\cb3 \
\cb1 feel stress or anxiety, our bodies hold onto these emotions as physical tension, and it\cb3 \
\cb1 makes it harder for us to relax and sleep well.\cb3 \
\cb1 Every night, make time to clear your mind and relax your body. This is your time to\cb3 \
\cb1 love and nurture your mind, body, and soul.\cb3 \
\cb1 Now, we will do some gentle stretches to further relax the body.\cb3 \
\cb1 Let's start with some neck stretches.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a deep breath in\'85 And on your exhale, bring your chin down to stretch the back of\cb3 \
\cb1 your neck. If you want a deeper stretch, you can gently place your hands behind your head.\cb3 \
\cb1 Hold here for two full breaths, breathing through the tension with each exhale.\cb3 \
\cb1 On your next exhale bring your chin to neutral and face forward.\cb3 \
\cb1 Onto side neck stretches. Gently tilt your head to the right, and hold for three deep\cb3 \
\cb1 breaths. If you want a deeper stretch, you can gently place your right hand on your head\'85\cb3 \
\cb1 Reset on your 3rd breath.\cb3 \
\cb1 Now do the opposite side. Tilt your head slowly to the left, and hold for three deep breaths....\cb3 \
\cb1 Reset on your next exhale\'85\cb3 \
\cb1 Now let's do a couple neck circles on each side.. While inhaling, slowly roll your head\cb3 \
\cb1 to the right, back, then exhale to the left, and then down\'85 gently at your own pace,\cb3 \
\cb1 do one more round\'85inhaling for the first half, exhaling for the 2nd half.....\cb3 \
\cb1 Now switch directions. Slowly circle your neck the other way, inhaling to the left,\cb3 \
\cb1 back, exhaling to the right, and down. Repeat for one more round\'85\cb3 \
\cb1 When you\'92re done, take a deep breath and open mouth exhale to reset.\cb3 \
\cb1 Next, do 5 shoulder rolls in each direction. Inhale and bring your shoulders forward and\cb3 \
\cb1 up, then roll them back then down. Repeat this circular motion four more times, deep\cb3 \
\cb1 breathing throughout....\cb3 \
\cb1 Now roll your shoulders 5 times in the the opposite direction, deep breathing throughout\cb3 \
\cb1 and loosening up your shoulder muscles. ....\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a deep breath and reset. Notice how your body feels now.\cb3 \
\cb1 Now that you've begun stretching, listen to your body. Where else would you like to stretch\cb3 \
\cb1 and release tension? Follow your intuition and what your body craves....\cb3 \
\cb1 Maybe you want to stretch your legs and reach for your toes. Maybe you want to lay down\cb3 \
\cb1 and do some spinal twists. Whatever it may be, listen to your body and follow what your\cb3 \
\cb1 body is telling you..... Remember to deep breathe through each stretch. ....\cb3 \
\cb1 [ 2.5 min ]\cb3 \
\cb1 Whenever you're ready, move into a lying position. We'll start with a slow breathing exercise\cb3 \
\cb1 with 3 slow breaths.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a deep breath into your abdomen... hold it there for 3 seconds, and exhale slowly,\cb3 \
\cb1 elongating your exhale as much as you can....\cb3 \
\cb1 Take another deep breathe in through your nose, breathing into your abdomen.... hold\cb3 \
\cb1 it there for 3 seconds... and exhale slowly.\cb3 \
\cb1 One more breath like that, inhale into your abdomen, hold it for 3 seconds.. and then\cb3 \
\cb1 slowly exhale until you have no more air left.\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a healing breath in, and exhale it out... Feel your breath and heart rate slow down.\cb3 \
\cb1 It is time to completely let go, and allow yourself to just be.\cb3 \
\cb1 We will now relax the entire body, bringing awareness to one area at a time. With each\cb3 \
\cb1 area, feel your body melt into the bed\'97into total relaxation.\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your forehead\'85 Relax your eyebrows... Relax\cb3 \
\cb1 your lips\'85 Relax all your facial muscles...\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your scalp\'85 Relax your brain\'85\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your shoulders\'85\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your arms... relax your hands\'85 relax your fingertips.\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your heart\'85. Relax your stomach.\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your hips.. Relax your thighs...\cb3 \
\cb1 Relax your calves\'85. Relax your feet.... Relax your toes.\cb3 \
\cb1 Feel your entire body totally relax...\cb3 \
\cb1 Take a slow deep breath in... and a slow deep breath out.... allowing your body to sink\cb3 \
\cb1 into your bed, comfortably, peacefully.\cb3 \
\cb1 You are safe. You are safe now.\cb3 \
\cb1 ....\cb3 \
\cb1 Allow your mind to drift... into the space between the conscious and subconscious.\cb3 \
\cb1 You are safe. You are safe now.\cb3 \
\cb1 In this space of zero effort, there is nothing more for you to do, but to let go and allow\cb3 \
\cb1 yourself to rest.\cb3 \
\cb1 Rest. Beautiful, nourishing, loving - rest.\cb3 \
\cb1 You deserve it.\cb3 \
\cb1 Sending you so much love and light. Sweet dreams. & Namaste.}