grounding meditation hello and welcome
to this guided meditation my name is
Jason Stevenson and over the course of
the next 30 minutes or so we will find
stability and groundedness returning
from whatever thoughts hopes and worries
phoebus from feeling in the present
moment you might choose to listen to
this meditation before bed right when
you wake up in the morning or as a break
in an otherwise really busy day however
you choose to approach this recording is
absolutely right for you just allow your
eyes to close your breathing to deepen
and your body to relax make sure you're
in a comfortable position where you
won't be disturbed for the next 30
minutes or so and taking three deep
breaths to begin with
breathing all the way and sending that
breath all the way down to your
diaphragm area holding for a few seconds
and then letting it all come out release
all your hair
and do this another two times
as you breathe a little deeper
imagine now that you were standing in a
grassy field tiny green plants sparkling
with Jun cushioning your feet with their
soft leaves and above you the sky is
spotless blue and you can hear a few
birds singing around you it is morning
and it's the start of a beautiful day as
you stand in this place allow yourself
to truly feel all that is around you
[Music]
notice the temperature of the air on any
exposed skin the sunshine or wind
against your body
[Music]
take note of the smells damp soil dewy
leaves
[Music]
can you hear any birds possibly crickets
or perhaps honeybees
[Music]
gaze into the distance allowing your
imagination to sharpen the scenery
around you into an intensely detailed
beautiful landscape and then when you
are ready allow yourself to feel what it
is like within your own body at this
very moment
where do your muscles and tendons hold
pain or tension do you hold your face
taut or your shoulders slumped
I'd like you to take these few moments
and truly notice how you feel
treating yourself with kindness not not
trying to change anything this is a
snapshot of you
a portrait captured in this moment just
give yourself permission to become
familiar with it
[Music]
and now as you become attune to your
body allow your consciousness to turn to
your mind as best as you are able
allowing yourself to observe your brain
its thought patterns and impulses
without actively participating in them
[Music]
it's almost like you are viewing a
sporting match or a television show you
can see what is happening you can point
things out or cheer on certain thoughts
but you have no need to change or
influence though at this moment
you're simply watching the move past in
whatever shapes or patterns they happen
to take on
[Music]
if you find yourself getting sucked into
a particular dilemma or worry simply
exhale blow it out and bring your
consciousness back to spectating
observing
as you observe your thoughts you will
notice that certain hopes reminders and
even worries continue to appear some may
tempt you more than others some may be
easier to let go of pay attention to the
persistent ones and if they appear again
ask yourself if these thoughts manifest
themselves in your body you may notice
anger in your chest or stress your hips
but no matter how these emotions present
themselves
take heed oftentimes almost chronic pain
is nothing more than a learned response
to a series of emotions
take these few moments now and simply
stay with what you are feeling allowing
yourself to be conscious of the way it
affects your mind and physical body
[Music]
when you were ready taking a deep breath
and exhale
sighing out all the frustration tension
and destructiveness within you do not be
afraid to make a sound simply allow your
exhale to wash it out of you
cleansing your body in mind like a warm
healing wave
I'd like you to do this five more times
noticing how you become progressively
more relaxed increasingly more relieved
with each passing moment feeling
yourself becoming present anchored in
the gentle endless rhythm of your own
respiration
and now as you stand in this lush green
field imagine that your feet are growing
roots majestic powerful roots that grow
into the soil holding you Ferland strong
in this idyllic place see these roots
going down
as they reach further into the ground
they split off forming a vast network of
tendrils
that will hold you firm in even the
greatest weeds roots that will nourish
and protect you through even the darkest
winters and stronger storms
[Music]
these roots extend hundreds of feet into
the dirt growing around rocks and
boulders passing through soil that has
not seen the Sun for many centuries they
cross the paths of other tree's roots
touching them gently in greedy growing
together yet respecting each trees
individual space and root paths
you are rooted in the most beautiful
place your face turned toward the warm
Sun and your roots nestled in cool rich
soil and now as you take your next
breath in imagine that your legs and
torso are being wrapped gently in bark a
soft form-fitting covering that will
protect you from all the hazards that
life has to offer you
you know that you may return to your
human form whenever you would like and
so this is a soothing process almost as
if you were being draped in the softest
blanket imaginable
you wiggle your toes peeling your roots
bar below ground nestling into the dirt
you shrug your shoulders feeling the
comfortable durability of bark all
around you you have walked this earth
for many years experiencing the joys and
challenges that each day has to bring
you you have earned your bark the golden
cloak shot through with silver that
warms you every day of your life
breathe a little deeper
and listen to the sounds of birds and
nature all around you
you stretch your arms out and as you do
they fan into branches branches white
with a spring whiteness of apple
blossoms this time in your life is busy
stressful even but in this space you are
able to reach for the heavens
celebrating the joy and space in every
present moment as you inhale notice the
delicate aroma of the small white
flowers
[Music]
breathe in the smell of sunshine and
soil and growth
and when you are ready turn your head to
take in the sights all around you as you
look around you realize that you are not
standing in a field you are standing in
an orchard a nearly endless community of
trees right with the hopeful flowers of
spring around your trunks long green
grass grows a rock bright and in your
branches bluebirds see you are not the
only tree you are a part of a community
a beautiful and vibrant orchard that
grows together
so often our lives feel as if they are
only about us moments of pain and
suffering of a distancing from that
which matters most of us can be
excruciating and yet even these
sensations are a part of the rhythm of
the seasons of the processes each of us
undergoes many times throughout our
lives
[Music]
we each have periods of flowering of new
leaves and possibilities for the future
[Music]
we have the strong green growth of
summer when small apples begin to appear
between our bridges and our lives become
glossy with gentle rains
there is the abundance of fall when our
plans and dreams become fruitful the air
sweet with the crispness of ripe fruit
but there are other times too there is
the time when we drop our leaves letting
our branches become bare falling into
restful silent dormancy
[Music]
there are the times when the orchard
keeper comes pointing out to us the
branches that have been withered or
split the ones that no longer produce
leaves or fruit there is the pain of
losing these branches the loss of
something that was once creative
productive beloved
but no matter how agonizing this is
there is always that time when new
shoots appear tiny branches that stand
out electric green with life against our
silvery gold trunks and so the cycle
continues
from flower to fruit to rest and back
again
and through it all we are rooted solid
in our roots and our place in the
orchard anchored against the coldest
snows sharpest rains strongest gales
[Music]
no matter what happens our roots hold us
steady
and our fellow trees brave the elements
with us take a few minutes now and allow
your body and mind to fully drink in the
scene around you the beautiful white and
gold expanse of the orchard you have
been planted in smell the air be all the
Sunshine's warm touch
let the sounds of birds and animals
guide you into a deeper relaxation the
combination of wind and soil war and
cold
motion and stillness lull you into a
total and complete serenity
we will continue on together in a few
minutes
you
this this right here in this very moment
is the sensation of groundedness with
each exhale you feel your body and mind
relax a little more
with every inhale
you breathe in a clarity purpose and
peace you are rooted and stable yet free
able to reach to all the sky and sway in
the breeze and perhaps most importantly
you are surrounded by others others who
love you and respect you
and wish to help you you grow together
each unique but journeying toward the
same balanced peacefulness strong
individually as a whole
take these last few minutes of
meditation to savor it
[Music]
and coming back now to the room we began
this meditation
becoming aware of the cells in this room
presently surrounding you
beginning to wiggle your fingers and
toes awakening your body returning to
your body
stretching out your muscles every muscle
every tender
and when you were ready
you can open your eyes enjoy your day or
evening ahead
[Music]
you