[Music]
hello my name is Jason Stevenson and
welcome to the deserving and manifesting
abundance guided meditation
[Music]
it is the innate tendency of nature to
grow and become more to produce more and
create more of everything there are
always babies being born new trees
sprouting new plants growing new things
are constantly being invented cars
produced houses being built jobs created
and new technologies being developed on
a daily basis all around us the universe
is always expanding and growing just as
abundance is everywhere in the universe
it can also appear in your personal life
if you intend it and allow it to be
you may not feel you have access to this
abundance you may think you a li innate
yourself from it and prevent it from
manifesting in your life well it's time
to change that
tract abundance into your life you need
to feel abundant you must believe you
are worthy and deserving of great
abundance you have to develop an
abundance consciousness abundance
consciousness means becoming aware of
the existence of abundance of feeling it
in your life and of connecting with it
even if it doesn't seem to be a part of
your life at this moment this kind of
consciousness means feeling and
believing that you are a part of it you
are surrounded by it
abundance lives within you intending it
and releasing it out into the universe
is all we need to begin with abundance
consciousness breaks through the
limiting beliefs of your mind and opens
you to wider opportunities and a wider
point of view
so now let's get comfortable and allow
ourselves the time and space to relax
and manifest abundance in our lives
you
so finding a comfortable place either
sitting or lying down
that you won't be disturbed for the next
20 minutes or so and closing your eyes
your arms can be placed beside you
and begin this meditation by taking in
three deep breaths in through the nose
sending that breath all the way down
and releasing it letting it go feeling
that breath rise all the way up and out
and return your breathing back to normal
change it
just being aware of it
in feeling that stomach expand as you
breathe in
breath out feel your stomach contract
just be in this moment and be aware of
this breathing for a few moments and I
will return if a thought arises during
this time simply go back to focusing on
your breathing it's all okay it's a part
of the process of meditation
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
as you begin to relax now I'd like you
to visualize laying beside you an
envelope with a golden wax seal stamped
with an ornate letter a written upon it
you lift this up and gently break the
seal and open the flap
inside is an invitation addressed to you
it reads you are invited to celebrate
your outstanding contributions to the
people in your life and to the world as
a whole
a ceremony will be held in your honor
follow the illuminated pathway as you
put down the invitation you notice on
the floor of your room an illuminated
pathway appears
begin to follow this pathway and you'll
notice with each step the pathway glows
more intense
you noticed an arched doorway appears in
your room where there was no opening
before
walk through this doorway
and run your hands over the edge of its
surface as you pass over the threshold
you find yourself in a very large
beautifully decorated opulent room
filled with silk draped tables elegantly
set and well-dressed people the ceilings
are high in flying buttresses reach from
one side of the room to the other
beautiful stained glass windows surround
this space the architecture is
magnificent as are the room settings
take a moment to look around at this
majestic room what sort of lighting do
you see
what are the floors made of
and how are the tables set
how does it feel to be in this amazing
opulent space
move further into this room towards the
smiling crowd there is nothing to be
afraid of here music plays as you walk
through the room toward the crowd
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
others in the room are looking at you
proudly acknowledging you with a nod of
their heads and one by one people come
up to you and shake your hand or embrace
you telling you how happy they are to
see you congratulating you on your
achievements and thanking you for all
you have done for them to better their
lives you recognize some of the people
there are family friends co-workers
loved ones from all walks of life and
yet many of the faces are unfamiliar to
you to continue walking through the
crowd smiling and thanking them for
their kind and gracious works
he reached the center of the room where
there is a large silk draped table
covered with flowers and candles in the
center of the table is a large ancient
treasure chest
you turn to look at the people who have
all gathered around you one person you
immediately recognize walks up beside
you holding two champagne glasses one is
handed to you this person speaks we are
all gathered here to celebrate the
amazing person you are and the
incredible things you have done for each
of us in your lifetime I know you don't
know some of the people standing here
but through your actions
you have touched and made a positive
impact on each of us
it may or may not have been a direct
action but somewhere down the line it
was you that changed each of our lives
you are an amazing person and you
deserve true abundance in your life you
are worthy of all the best y has to
offer unlimited wealth and good health
unrestrained joy unconditional love and
pure peace please accept this gift as a
token about love and gratitude for being
a part of our lives and for being
yourself in the world everybody raises a
glass and cheers for you applause breaks
out the crowd encourage you to open the
chest and as you do the room suddenly
grows silent everything stops the light
changes
and now instead of music sounds of
nature can be heard birds calling forest
sounds you turn to see that everybody
has vanished and you now stand in a
beautiful outdoor forest setting the
stone columns and flying buttresses have
been replaced by tree trunks and
branches foliage and earth replaces the
opulent flaws and instead of candle
lights sunlight streams in all around
you you are now alone in this
magnificent space with a beautiful gift
this wooden chest the table and all upon
it have vanished and the chest lays upon
an earthen pathway beside beds of
beautiful flowers at your feet you've
been down and lift the lid of the chest
light floods out and envelops you you're
reaching to the light inside the chest
and you find a note it reads you the
owner of this chest for all the solace
acts of kindness you have bestowed upon
the people in your life have earned
great abundance when you close the lid
tell the chest what you want if it is
wealth you see speak the words then open
the chest again take some time now to
state to this ancient chest what you
would like in your life it may be health
financial abundance better relationships
and abundance of happiness whatever it
is set your intention and know deep
within your heart with an unwavering
belief that you are worthy you are
deserving and by setting your intention
you are activating the law of attraction
and abundance to receive these gifts in
universal time and so it is enjoy these
next few moments
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
when you feel comfortable in knowing
this chest is a treasure chest that will
change your life for the better you
close the lid and you pick up the note
again you continue to read this chest is
your gift use it as you see fit
to fill your life with the abundance you
so rightly deserve place your hands upon
the chest and all that you asked for
draw it into your heart trust in the
universe or powers and you can bring it
forth anytime you wish peace love and
light be with you looking to the ride
you see a large tall oak tree in front
of sit or lay down in the sunlight close
your eyes and take a deep breath taking
in the scent of the forest and the earth
hold the breath for a moment and release
it
begin to feel your body resting upon the
surface where you first began this
meditation breathe in old and release
know that you can come back to this
meditation and activate this ancient
chest whenever you desire abundance
coming back now when you were ready come
back fully into your body and open your
eyes welcome home
[Music]





