[Music]
hello my name is Jason Stevenson and
thank you for tuning into this
meditation this meditation comes at a
time an exceptionally challenging time
for us here in Australia as the
wildfires have sparked overwhelming
devastation fear uncertainty grief and
despair with a situation as destructive
as this one right before our very eyes
it's hard to find a sense of peace
safety and security in the earth beneath
our feet even those who have seen the
images footages and news from afar can
sense a great loss that is occurring in
this beautiful country
humans pets plants animals property
nothing is beyond the reach of these
fires so wherever you are in the world
I hope this meditation brings some sense
of peace comfort as we move forward to
get started I invite you to take a
moment just to settle into this space
either lying down or in a comfortable
seated position and allow your belly to
relax and the forit to soften as you
simply arrive wherever you are
my hopes are that you are far from
danger in this moment and then you can
find some sense of solidity in the earth
beneath you right now so draw your
attention to the breath and watching it
as it flows into and out of your body
[Music]
and then see if you might invite the
breath a little bit deeper relaxing your
stomach as you welcome both body and
mind to soften here
[Music]
now take a few moments to be mindful of
any thoughts or any feelings any stories
that are moving through your mind in
this moment if you've been touched by
fires in some way in Australia or any
part of the world take a moment to honor
whatever feelings and sensations are
present for you and if you are somewhere
else across the ocean and have been
shaken by what you've seen in the media
or heard from loved ones take a moment
to also honor whatever has arisen within
this meditation is not designed to make
everything okay it is first meant to
assist us in honoring the raw truth of
our experience before guiding us into
some sense of peace despite this tragic
event
now finish your next exhalation and then
take a deep breath in and out a deep
breath in once again
and out
and one more time
while it's important to witness and
honor whatever is within us we can
continually bring ourselves back to the
peace and safety of this present moment
through awareness of the breath use the
breath as your anchor anytime you need
to reconnect with what is right here
the fear and uncertainty of approaching
fires the loss of homes of wildlife and
animals a sense of hopelessness
helplessness and disempowerment and the
grief the anger the shock the
desperation all of these are very real
experiences that a meditation cannot
make right in any tangible sense the
very raw and heart-wrenching feelings
that have been stirred are so deeply
human the devastation is hard to put
into words
[Music]
and so because of what is happening here
and in other areas of the world we might
feel as if someone or something is to
blame now whether that be climate change
politicians or humanity as a whole being
able to point out a cause for this
devastation can in some way feel
consoling and yet anger blame and rage
will not help us to find peace healing
and a way for us to move forward and
when we dig deeper we might tap into
what is beneath our anger is there a
sense of fear
juda feeling unsupported unprotected or
vulnerable
is there a sense of despair for the
suffering of animals wildlife and
humanity
[Music]
whatever is moving through you I invite
you to tune in to what is present in the
body and can you observe and sit with
these emotions as they manifest
themselves in your physical being
[Music]
you might want to breathe energy into
these areas of tightness tension or
resistance naturally letting yourself
soften into this meditation
[Music]
grounding through the breath little
thoughts and stories come as they may
and and watch them depart just as
effortlessly with each out breath this
might take some time so just practice
compassion as these things work
themselves through
[Music]
to explore this soft and compassionate
witnessing I invite you to create a bit
of distance between your thoughts and
feelings and yourself as the observer of
them see if you might approach your
fears and concerns from a place of your
highest itself as you watch what moves
through consider can i nurture this part
of me this part of the world that is
suffering
[Music]
[Music]
open your heart to yourself holding
yourself exactly as you are in this
moment and as we open up through this
center of our being we can begin to find
a greater sense of peace even amidst the
heaviness that life can bring
[Music]
continue to breathe all the way into the
base of the belly and all the way back
out releasing just a fraction of
discomfort resistance and any strong
emotions with each and every breath
[Music]
now begin to imagine a white healing
light penetrating from the top of your
head inching ever so slowly down through
the body with every body part that it
passes feel your body gently opening up
to a deeper release in a sense of bees
[Music]
allow the mind to soften beneath its
glow your heart to expand and your belly
to relax and your limbs to find softness
and stillness
while there may be residue of emotion
and fear see if you can open yourself up
to this moment of peace stillness and
subtle healing
can you allow yourself to be bathed in
this white healing glow but these next
few moments
and now from this lighter softer space
see if you might open your heart as you
bring to mind the land the humans and
the animals that are in need of your
love and your prayers at this time
you might envision strangers or perhaps
someone you know and love you might
envision farmland forests
plants and animals or rows of homes you
might envision the whole country or the
whole world
[Music]
regardless of what comes to mind allow
the images of these Souls to enter your
mind from a place of love rather than
fear hold the image of them in both mind
and heart and sending love light and
peace to all those affected
[Music]
as we allow our strongest emotions to
come to pass and to soften opening up to
our reality from a place of purpose and
love we start to uncover ways we might
be of benefit to ourselves to our loved
ones our community and our shared
humanity from sending prayers to sending
support and supplies to helping in
hands-on ways where possible let these
devastating fires bring our shared
humanity to the forefront encouraging us
to love support and send peace to all
those on this planet take a few moments
of quiet space now to send prayers or
loving thoughts to all those affected by
these fires and to those affected by any
other disaster that is shaking this
world and those who call it home
[Music]
[Music]
gently soften your mind of all thoughts
or prayers and all best wishes as you
come back to the natural rhythm of the
breath allow each inhalation to open
your heart to the love and healing that
is possible and each exhalation free you
of things that no longer serve you so
that you may move through this world
with hope and purpose and love whatever
comes your way I send you my prayers and
warmest of wishes allow the waves of
life to move through you but to never
hold you down for too long
beneath the destruction and devastation
there is hope for a new world of peace
and love and beauty take your time to
come out of this meditation trusting the
process that leads you to renewed faith
hope and healing and I send you many
many blessings to you and your loved
ones
[Music]
[Music]



