[Music]
[Music]
whoa
[Music]
[Music]
welcome to your the magic walk guided
meditation for anxiety relief close your
eyes and imagine every fiber of your
body relaxing as if a great weight has
been taken off your entire body allow
your chest and belly to inflate filling
with the air around you notice the way
you were holding your eyes your
shoulders your feet if you feel any
tension or worry imagine it melting just
like butter in the Sun breathe deeply
and relax in your mind's eye and vision
yourself standing up and approaching the
wall nearest you as you get closer to it
you notice a door appearing
let yourself be drawn to this door and
when you reach it open it
[Applause]
pass through to the staircase beyond
where you sense the warm beckoning
presence of a familiar place ascend the
stairs feeling yourself grow more and
more relaxed as you reach the top you
are in a library a place you may have
been before ahead of you Liars a
comfortable looking chair with a small
sandy colored book lying on the cushion
let yourself sink into the chair and
pick up the book as you open the cover
and begin to read you notice the type
growing larger filling your vision
completely almost as soon as it begins
it dissolves away leaving you in a
totally new and different place you are
sitting on a warm stone wall above you
is the electric-blue of a summer sky and
surrounding you are wildflowers growing
out of the sandy soil
breathe in the scent of these blooms and
listen to the gentle rustle of their
leaves in the slightest of breezes this
place is safe and comforting a stone
wall you are seated on radiates the
sun's warmth filling your body with a
heady sense of power feel the way the
heat from the rock and the sky above you
touches your skin warming you to the
core you realize that just as the rock
holds the sun's rays you hold and
radiate your own incredible power even
on cloudy days the Sun is still there
and even when you feel weak or powerless
your strength and unbreakable will are
there as well
next to you on the wall is a simply made
pottery jug and a glass bottle with a
cork the bottle is empty but the jug is
full of an inky black liquid at the very
core of your being you realize that this
black substance represents your fears
and anxieties stored deep inside your
subconscious mind it is normal to carry
fear with you sometimes however our busy
lives do not leave us time to address
these anxieties and they can fill up
this jug inside your mind when you feel
anxious
it is simply your mind asking you to
spend a moment or two relaxing and
tending to this need this is what this
time is for
as we move through this meditation you
will have the opportunity to cleanse
yourself of all anxiousness and stress
that you carry with you right now
pick up the jug feeling the underlying
complexity of its earthenware
construction to not be afraid of this
vessel nothing it contains is harmful
you are entirely safe as you peer over
the lip of this jug and look into your
reflection in the black liquid as you
hold the jug you feel the warmth from
your hands and the Sun warming it and
you realize that you are about to
recognize the sources of your fears at a
deep level of understanding and
forgiveness
so take a moment to watch your
reflection begin to shift forming itself
into whatever picture you need to see to
understand your anxiety perhaps more
than one scene will appear either way
smile gently and say thank you to each
picture you encounter expressing
gratitude for its work and message in
your life
[Music]
[Music]
as the scenes in the jug dissolve back
into the liquid allow yourself to pick
up the glass bottle next to you remove
the cork and pour the contents of the
jug into it knowing that you cannot
spill the black liquid now that you have
communicated with it once every last
drop of the liquid has left the jug
carefully replace the bottle stopper and
stand up you take a few steps forward
and see that you have been sitting on
the rock wall overlooking a very deep
valley in your heart you know that no
one has ever seen this valley except for
you and that it is a perfect reflection
of your own innate power take a moment
to reflect on what you see below and
understand that it is a geological
expression of you and your unbreakable
will you need not be afraid anymore
[Music]
with this euphoric realization feel the
weight of the glass bottle in your hand
raise your arm over your head and giving
one last thank you to the liquid inside
the glass throw it as hard as you can
into the valley below you see the glass
bottle shatter far below you the inky
black liquid spilling out across the
ground yet before your eyes it begins to
evaporate turning into a silver shimmery
mist at the base of the cliff you hear
faint strains of song out of the Mist
emerge thousands of birds their feathers
all the cars of the rainbow
they fly up and into the sky above you
swirling and dipping in an aerial dance
of pure delight watch their patterns as
they move across the sky and allow
yourself to realize that you yourself
have transformed your fear and anxiety
into this beautiful spectacle before
your eyes listen to the birds jubilant
song and watch the way they colored
bodies flutter across the electric blue
sky you have created this
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the birds make a huge lap through the
valley a farewell signal to you and
dispersed far into the distance you
smile wishing them the best of luck in
everything they do as you do this you
sense something behind you and when you
turn around you realize it is the book
from the library before your eyes it
opens and the familiar sight of printed
letters floods your vision lifting you
from the warmth of the stone cliff the
letters rush faster and faster then
dissolve leaving you sitting back in the
library the book resting on your lap
allow yourself to rise and return to the
staircase passing shelf after shelf of
familiar books approach the staircase
and begin your descent allowing the
library to grow smaller behind you as
you come closer and closer to
consciousness
as you approach the door below you you
feel the same sense of power you felt by
the stone war rushed through your veins
you've contained the strength of
character to change anything you
encounter allow yourself to hold this
sense of confidence and purpose with you
as you approach the place you began this
meditation you have returned from this
meditation a changed person and so begin
to wiggle your fingers and toes gently
wake up the parts of you that have
rested why you are on your journey when
you are ready let your eyes open and
smile at the world around you you are
powerful enough to transform fear into
beauty now allow this ever-present
strength to guide you through the rest
of your day or evening
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you





