[Music]
chakras sleep meditation hello and
welcome to this guided meditation a
gentle way to close your day a chance to
relax and realign your body mind and
spirit let's begin our practice seated
or laying down in a place you feel
comfortable falling asleep in silence
any distractions shut off the lights and
allow your mind to enter a space
suitable for a deep and restful sleep
your shoulder blades are tucked back
your shoulders low and open take a deep
breath and feel the way it flows with
your chest opened naturally and easily
right now we are going to take a journey
that will be just as natural and
effortless as your breathing so allow
yourself a moment to just enjoy the
feeling of stillness and when you are
ready let your eyes close with your eyes
closed you are able to intuitively sense
the tension in both your body and your
spirit although this may be
disconcerting at first know that your
ability to feel these discomforts also
brings with it the power to release them
right now you have the opportunity to
free any physical tension leaving you
space to release the mental or emotional
stress you carry with you
[Music]
with this in mind take a deep breath in
inviting in growth and healing and when
you are ready exhale letting go of any
worry anger or resentment you carry
within you
repeat this process allowing yourself to
drift into a deeper and deeper sense of
relaxation
[Music]
during this meditation we will sink into
a profound relaxation as your
consciousness shifts from thoughts to
healing you have a magnificent power a
tremendous ability to heal yourself with
only your imagination over the course of
this spoken recording you will find
yourself encountering the seven chakras
or energy centers in your body you will
understand what parts of your life may
need a little energy healing and you
will give your spirit exactly what it
needs compassion gentleness and the
ability to transform into something more
beautiful than you can ever imagine so
for right now relax a little deeper feel
every part of your body from your feet
right up to your face from your scalp
right down to your toes
as you notice tension allow it to
dissolve away sinking into a state of
blissful calm feel your breath and relax
[Music]
[Music]
as you grow more relaxed your attention
drifts to a red light at the base of
your tailbone this is the root chakra
your connection with the earth and your
physical body
it grounds you and harnesses your energy
at a very intuitive level this chakra is
your sense of survival
it has your will to live as such fear or
trauma in this area can manifest itself
through physical or mental imbalance
fear or distrust of others at its best
the chakra allows you to reconnect with
wisdom and stories of your ancestors
resting secure in your own place in the
human family if you have struggled with
any of these areas or simply wish to
boost your courage and resourcefulness
imagine this ruby red light growing
stronger and more resolute with each
inhale feel your strength and rootedness
growing with every breath even as your
body sinks into a deeper sense of calm
[Music]
your breath and awareness continues up
your spine to rest just above your
pelvis this is your sacral chakra
represented by an orange light take a
moment to sense the energy of this
chakra is the orange light brilliantly
colored or does it emit just a dull glow
whatever you sense allow your breath to
flow freely and without judgement as you
listen to the wisdom of this chakra the
second chakra is your Center for
emotions pleasure nurturing and creation
whatever that may mean to you
our desire for warmth and nourishment
resides here asked us the drive to
create things that share our gifts and
talents with the world a lack or surplus
of any of these things can result in an
imbalance or sense of disease in these
areas so as you listen to the wisdom of
your body feel your breath of stoking
the fire of your second chakra restoring
your energy and vitality breathing in
and out
[Music]
[Music]
as you grow more relaxed feel your mind
shifting gently to your third chakra the
energy center that pulses with yellow
light just below your solar plexus the
chakra is the home of your willpower and
sense of belonging
as you notice the way it looks and feels
ask yourself if you have felt any
discomfort in this area either
physically or mentally are there places
in your life that you feel you aren't
meant to be
do you have habits or routines you wish
you could put an end to or develop
further
maybe with every breath you take this
golden light grows brighter and brighter
as the light brightens you can feel your
sense of self and your personal drive
returning to balance either increasing
in strength or mellowing in intensity as
you breathe and grow even more tranquil
[Music]
[Music]
your body sinks deeper into the bed
engulfed in a sea of relaxation your
consciousness calm and at ease turned
its attention to the fourth chakra lit
by an emerald light resting at your
heart this chakra like the ancient heart
symbol represents love and compassion
for yourself and others in its purest
state this love is unconditional
unreserved and filled with joy love is a
part of everything from the way you
order a meal at a restaurant to the way
you talk to your body for many of us
love is a subject tightened with anger
pain and distrust
[Music]
as you breathe allow your mind to
disconnect from past relationships
experiences and beliefs that may limit
your ability to love others without
reason or expectation and as you do so
feel your heart grow warmer and this
emerald light become brighter and
cleaner
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
feel a breath rise a little higher
stopping at your throat noticing the
bright blue light that emanates from
this part of your spiritual
consciousness the chakra addresses
speaking out truths sharing our
creativity and ideas and moderating the
balance of sharing and listening as you
breathe a little deeper feeling muscle
tension dissolving away ask yourself if
this blue light is as vibrant as you
would like is this something that you
need to say that you haven't yet have
you said something you regret
do you balance your speaking with
listening your creativity with rest if
not smile gently at yourself and forgive
even as you allow your focus to
strengthen this area to better represent
your spiritual intelligence and
magnificent wisdom and as this light
grows brighter cleaner more pure
feel your body sink a little deeper into
your bed the blankets around you
soothing your body as your spirit grows
stronger and brighter than ever before
[Music]
[Music]
above this bright blue light is the
darker regal glow of your sixth chakra
the third eye chakra it is located just
between your eyebrows and governs your
ability to see and understand seeing in
this context does not just imply the
physical act of viewing what is around
you instead it allows you to perceive
the meaning of what you witness allow
yourself to reflect on whether you have
been missing the obvious or seeing
things where there are none if you find
yourself skewed one way or another
simply allow your breath to realign your
body and spirit as you feel your
intuitive self grow in confidence and
clarity breathe and feel this chakra
between your eyes notice the sensations
that come with it so you understand when
the third eye begins to communicate
through your physical presence
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and now your awareness reaches your
seventh chakra the crown chakra which
inhabits no physical space in your body
but instead hovers above your scalp like
a halo some people perceive this chakra
as a royal purple while others see it as
brilliant white the combination of all
other colors of light
whatever you may see here allow your
consciousness to ponder the phrase I
know for it is this Madra that guides
this chakra boredom depression and
confusion can result in an imbalance in
this area for it is the crown chakra
that helps us focus not on ourselves as
individuals but on ourselves as a part
of a greater whole so breathe in
welcoming the unity that comes from the
being part of something greater and feel
your physical being revel in the unity
of mind body and spirit
breathe in and let go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
and now give yourself a moment to
understand the way alignment feels in
your body
[Music]
since the rainbow of light that begins
at your tailbone and runs all the way up
your spine illuminating your body and
the room around you with a vibrant light
feel the strength and confidence that
comes from being totally aligned body
mind and spirit working together in
perfect concert feel it and breathe
give yourself the permission you need to
relax for a few moments
utterly and completely giving yourself
to this sense of deep relaxation and a
wholeness at this moment in time you are
in tune with the tremendous power
yourself as the spoken part of this
meditation draws to a close focus your
attention on the way your body feels
enjoy the sensations of harmony and
peace as you feel your mind drifting
into unconsciousness as your body
follows suit breathe and know that you
are complete
namaste
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you