my name is Jason Stevenson my name is
Olivia crisper and welcome to this quiet
end of day meditation created to help
you let go of the day that has been and
ease you towards a restorative sleep and
readiness for tomorrow please make
yourself completely comfortable you can
either sit or lie as you prefer if you
fall asleep during the meditation don't
worry you are ready for sleep and will
still gain the benefits of this and
letting go of the day meditation we will
start with a complete body relaxation as
your body comes so will your mind
[Music]
begin by consciously allowing your body
to rest against the bed the pillows
chair or floor or wherever you have
chosen for your meditation time just be
conscious of allowing your body to give
its way to the core chair that is
supporting your body in the position
that is most comfortable for you
be aware that right now no part of your
body needs to be supporting anything
this is one time when the environment
can completely support you keep allowing
your body to soften and sink into the
props soften your mind and know that it
is okay for you to be supported at this
time now begin to turn your attention to
your breath think of it like the waves
of an ocean flowing into one another as
the ocean rises and lowers inhaling and
exhaling if any thoughts come from your
busy mind
softly at them allowing a small morning
these house my under Foreman your lips
relax just keep that soft acceptance of
the thoughts images ideas memories
beliefs coming into your mind which them
come and watch them go
keep gently bringing your attention back
to your body sensations feel your
stomach expanding like a balloon as you
breathe in feel it flattening as you
breathe out like a wave on the ocean
well after that the out-breath extends
right out like away from the ocean
growing into the beach and let go some
more
beginning with your toes as you breathe
in let them tighten and go
now let them stretch and separate out be
aware of the sensations in your feet as
you do this now completely relax them
there is nothing else for them to do
other than softened and relaxed feel the
difference between tightness and
relaxation just notice tightness
relaxation in breath and breathe out
now turn your attention to your cars and
knees and thighs tighten them up feel
what this feels like as you breathe out
soften them release them let the muscles
relax deeply almost melting through the
floor take some time now to send
gratitude to them think of what they
have done for you all day carrying
around running with supporting walking
standing they've been so busy feel the
strength right there in the muscles and
say thank you thank you
thank you let that gratitude soak into
your lake tissues
be aware of how are you actually
inhabiting your body more and more how
it is yours how it has served you all
day
[Music]
now allow yourself to stand through the
internal organs you diaphragm heart
chest notice any sensations of tightness
or hardness or any areas where you sense
nominates just smile softly at these
places and send your breath to them
gently squeeze the places of tightness
hardness or numbness in your central
body and then let go relax let the
tissue ease and know that any tightness
that is built up around your Center
during the day is melting now think of
candle wax softening and rolling down
the candle stick
on an inhalation but more gratitude flow
through your torso feel your ribcage
unlocking your lungs inflating and
deflating into more space send deep
compassion all the way through your
digestive system your heart and lungs
diaphragm and ribcage they have worked
all day to enable you to be you to be
creative fun and clever and warm loving
fast tender Thank You body you have been
tireless thank you
think gentleness to your whole body
send attention to your arms and hands
shoulders and neck feel the muscles
growing heavy as they seek further into
your bed or chair almost like they are
sinking down
or way down into the earth make a fist
with your hands shrug your shoulders to
your ears tighten tighten tighten as you
breathe in the orbit tension and then as
you breathe out let go
and again feel the contrast between
tension and relaxation
teach your body to be aware of the
difference know when it is time for each
turn your attention fully to hands feel
their cup like shape as you let them lie
softly against their cushioning imagine
them feeling once all life has to offer
send a wave of gratitude to them
thank you hands know that your hands
give to thank them for their generosity
with your next breath notice that
expands like a little balloon and allow
your hands arms shoulders and neck to
completely release bringing your
attention to your face feel the muscles
around your eyes your nose your tongue
and jaw feel any tightness that might be
thereand begin to think softness into
those places
is he breathing tightly screw up your
face and then let it to softened like
candle wax send a wave of love to your
face warm appreciation for being your
face and showing you to the world what
waves of love kindness and compassion
pounds gently through your whole body
thanking it appreciating it and wishing
it well as it prepares for letting go of
the day and a deep restorative sleep
and now as your body is calm and your
mind is calmed it is time to complete
the events of the day
your mind is calm and still like a lake
reflecting the moon
not a breath of wind ripples the surface
gently exhale being calm and that beasts
won't we bring your mind to the events
of the day with your body relaxed you
will quickly notice any tiredness or
tensions affecting it as you review your
day perhaps you notice some agitation or
perhaps all stays calm
perhaps some smiles perhaps some frowns
keep allowing your body to relax and
sing softly to yourself I have come to
release this day I allow myself to
notice my feelings with no judgments
keep focusing on the events of the day
as you gently breathe in and breathe out
notice any emotions that might emerge
with your attention allow them to flow
through you as you breathe in and a way
as you breathe out say to yourself as I
allow my emotions to be acknowledged by
my breath I also allow them to leave me
in letting go I release myself from any
hidden grip they had on me
notice any parts of your day that were
difficult did you judge yourself at the
time
notice that judgments are just thoughts
they are not real you can allow them to
flow down to the surface of your mind
and then they took flow away with your
god brats breathing light from the moon
or from source
and let them light and the love it
carries disperse those self judgments
and difficulties allow yourself to
separate from them
and be free notice if there were any
times during the day when you judged
others say their names inside your head
and send light unto them have faith in
the light and the letting go
you have given yourself a gift by
letting go of their energy and letting
yourself flow onwards
go to the place in your mind that way
she has meant something today it
happened differently just focus on the
first thing that comes to your mind in
your imagination run it like a video
with the ending you wanted to have
Duncan could have been rewriting every
bit of dialogue just focus on imagining
the ending you wanted and to know that
the dead ending included the best
possible outcome for everyone involved
breathe easily into this outcome
this is intended Mari to go for the
universe to attend to
as your attention glides through your
day now notice the part of it that gave
you most joy feel the joy know that the
joys inside you and you can always find
that place whenever you wish joy is
there you have just added it to your
body memory of joy say to yourself I
honor this day as a wonderful moment in
time it has been part of the endless
stream of moments in my life and I thank
it and my senses in my body for the
experience of today
allow waves and surges of gratitude for
this day to run through you know that
there will never be another day just
like this again it was a miracle it was
glorious in all it contained all it
taught you all you experienced
thank you thank you day thank it for its
glory and thank yourself for your
openness to it
difficult bids joyous bids paints that
could have been different it was your
day and now let go
trust that all is well
and you can drift into a deep
restorative sleep ready to enter another
unique tomorrow all is well
oh yes exactly as it should be
nothing can hold you back oh this well
Oh is healed
oh yes it's a piece
you are complete you are complete may
you always be blessed namaste