[Music]
resting and sleep
guided meditation welcome and thank you
for joining me for this resting and
sleep
guided meditation my name is Jason and I
sincerely hope you enjoy and experience
this meditation as a relaxing
rejuvenating and comforting time as we
start to breathe we will prepare to
spend the next 20 30 minutes or so
together the purpose of this meditation
will be the creation of a time for you
to unwind relax and learn some easy
technique for having an experience of
restful sleep its resting and sleep
guided meditation is a time to be still
and aware by using the carlo's of your
breath to relax your mind joining your
breath and mind together as a team you
can experience being refreshed and
rested for your time of rest before we
begin
if you allow yourself to drift off to
sleep please be sure the joy in a fully
safe and comfortable position you may
wish to lean back in the chair or lie
down if you have enough space and would
feel comfortable there
be sure to support and protect your head
and if you have any eggs or pains or
discomforts position your body
thoughtfully to maximize your physical
relaxation and ease of breathing to take
full advantage of your benefits from
participating in this meditation please
also silence any alarms and ringers and
dim the lights and make your space
private one so you can focus on complete
relaxation and the sound of my voice you
will have the familiarity of feeling
your body relaxing and unwinding and
drifting off to a restful sleep during
this meditation allow your eyes to close
or your visual focus to soften into a
gaze where your eyes are resting
unconnected to the actions in your mind
[Music]
[Music]
in your relaxed position
allow your breath to calmly slip in and
out of your body like the rolling
rhythms of sound and light waves the
breath washes over you and relaxes you a
little deeper with each exhalation
breathing isn't easy action the body
will even do it on its own if you allow
the natural rhythm to guide you in this
sleeping guided meditation you'll open
your mind as you've opened your breath
and allow your mind to have peace and
ease unfocused thoughts or ideas may
come to you and they may seem urgent or
like they require your attention be
assured but for the duration of this
guided meditation you may let them pass
these thoughts and ideas serve as your
reminder that you are a vessel
you are receptive to the needs of your
environment and the needs of your body
but also these needs are separate from
your consciousness
for the duration of our time together
the mind and body can relax and together
enjoy this peaceful time of resting
through mindful guided relaxation you
can gain improved wellness improved
personal relationships and improved
physical stamina
[Music]
after finding a comfortable position so
you can now relax the entire body we
will begin by shifting the use of your
senses as we focus or softened each of
your senses
you can allow yourself to use that
change to drift toward a more restful
and fulfilling sleep for calming your
mind and your body in this guided
meditation first we let go of the visual
use of your eyes our eyes are often
overworked and overlooked for care in
this world of artificial light
[Music]
they are forced to work harder when they
had tired and they deserve a
rejuvenating rest as much as the rest of
your body
Afiya is a little well-deserved vacation
by relaxing them and their focus of
interpreting the visual world around you
[Music]
if you haven't already done so you may
wish to close them entirely or simply
soften your gaze so that your
surroundings melt into the background of
your consciousness
[Music]
disconnecting from our visual sense
brings our awareness in focusing on the
benefits of rest for the mind and for
the body while it is the job of the eyes
to look outward in the guided sleep
meditations we wish to see and reveal
what is within
[Music]
in the extremities of your body
beginning with the hands and the feet
unwind yourself settle your hands and
feet and softener allow each hand and
foot to hang limp from your wrists and
ankles in a fully rested and unflexible
let them hold no weight and have the
sensation of weightlessness as they rest
at the end of your limbs
next bring your relaxing awareness to
the muscles of your arms and lower legs
[Music]
slackening your calves and forearms
unwinding at the wrists and ankles feel
a general loosening throughout that
first length of your extremities feeling
those areas become more and more relaxed
melting away like butter
in the Sun
unhinging softening and unwinding as you
move through your body the thighs in
your legs and biceps in your arms also
begin to melt from contact with this
spreading relaxation a calm warmth
greets your skin and muscles like the
breaking dawn of an open field as the
Sun comes overhead the warmth spreads
crossing from your limbs into the torso
and hips the muscles of your shoulders
back chest and waist dissolve any thymus
and release any tension as you drift
deeper and deeper into a relaxed
dreamlike State feel your body now
melting slowly melting in the Sun
a warm glow supports the relaxing of
your back from the base of your spine
through your ribs and up into your neck
the warmth and golden glow seeps into
your muscles and connective tissues
unfolding and unwinding and millions of
layers of cells that make up your frame
and body up your neck into the base of
your skull and all around the features
of your face a flush of warmth and free
sensation unlocks relaxation for the
last parts of your skin and body
[Music]
your nose lips cheeks and mouth are all
slacking still and clenched and relaxed
even your brain is enveloped by the
warmth and almost noticeable golden
glowing light of your body dreamlike
state
[Music]
[Music]
now that you are in this state of full
physical relaxation allow your mind to
fully unfold and open like a map of your
memories and senses
[Music]
allow information to pass over the map
on the way to some destination as you
rest here in another dimension aware of
the thoughts but not a part of them
[Music]
imagine yourself getting farther and
farther away from those thoughts so that
they are like the people
when riding high in the clouds on an
aeroplane or as though you were soaring
through the sky like a bird your
thoughts and memories are still there
but you were floating high above soaring
in and among the clouds breathing in the
fresh and clean
[Music]
as you journey through the clouds guided
by your desire to soak in the
rejuvenating and eeling powers of the
universe
allow yourself to envision those
peaceful times of restful sleep in your
past and allow yourself to create the
fear future
your future create empowering and
relaxing visions of your future self and
will bring about a joy and restful sleep
to your life I'll give you some moments
now to create these exciting visions of
your future self
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
in your journey through the clouds
celebrate your ability to write now in
this time and space give yourself the
gift of healing and restful sleep the
journey through the clouds keeps our
mind clear and our bodies weightless as
we refuel our brain tissues with energy
and oxygen oxygen as the giver of life
and regulates all our body systems
including our ability to enjoy restful
sleep
[Music]
allow this vision was soaring in the
clouds and breathing in the crisp clean
air inspire you to breathe or feel as in
deeply resting and rebuilding your body
through mindful meditation and restful
sleep it's one of the most natural ways
to improve your quality of life
[Music]
[Music]
experience the feeling of safety in this
moment experience the effect of
unwinding and letting go that this
assured safety is on your consciousness
[Music]
peering down from your restful place in
the clouds imagine all the good that
restful sleep could also do for others
in your life and people all around the
world bringing that awareness down from
the clouds and into your physical mind
start to reconnect to your body
in this present time environment bring
back with you that awareness of self
that awareness of inner peace and the
benefits of total relaxation
as you reconnect with your body in mind
I would like to welcome you back from
our journey together and exploring the
restful night's sleep and the methods of
imagery and breath control
you can use these to have better quality
restful sleep anytime
thank you for joining me on this restful
sleep
meditation sleep well my friend sleep
well
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
well
[Music]