hello my name is Jason Stephenson and
welcome to this guided meditation that
will help you to visualize your highest
self as well as the dreams and goals of
your highest intent as you listen to
this meditation each night over the
course of the next 28 days profound
inner shifts and changes will take place
this meditation holds the power to
change your life helping you to
establish new ideas and beliefs about
who you really are so I invite you to
open your heart to this journey as you
move down the path towards your highest
self before we begin I invite you to
silence all device notifications and set
any morning alarms that are required
ensure that the blinds are drawn and
that all other end of day activities are
taken care of and bring yourself into a
comfortable lying down position and
allow your entire body to just let go
and sink into the surface beneath you
you might like to make any final
movements or adjustments necessary to
bring complete comfort to your physical
body take a few deep breaths in and out
as you settled into this space I invite
you now to quietly explore the silent
space within by drawing your awareness
to your breathing follow its movement
into the body and then back out
as habitual thoughts begin to loosen
their grip just follow the simplicity of
the breathing this energetic life force
that functions continuously without your
need to control it
there is nothing you need to consciously
do in order to breathe it is a force
that effortlessly guides itself by
drawing our attention to it we begin to
refocus the mind on the present moment
using the breath as an anchor to draw us
into the ever unfolding reality of right
now
expand now your field of awareness by
observing your connection to the
physical world beneath you
witness the entire body being warmly
held by the earth as you rest here in
complete stillness as night falls the
earth offers us a chance to release
everything the day has required of us
inviting us to sink into a period of
restoration and rejuvenation
as you become aware of the environment
through your sense of touch you begin to
feel more deeply rooted and connected to
this human life allow yourself this
moment of peace by feeling into the
blessing and benefits of the Setting Sun
and the stillness and stability of the
earth beneath you in this very moment
[Music]
the moment we are born into this human
form we begin to accumulate ideas about
who we are and what we are capable of
these ideas turn into beliefs which turn
into actions that create our reality
however the truth of the matter is that
we are not whatever our thoughts have
limited us to be when we start to
unravel a complex web of stories we have
told ourselves again and again we free
up space for our truest and highest self
to shine through
if the mind attempts to analyze or
rationalize your stories I invite you to
gently let go of this mental action
as you move into the heart space old
beliefs will naturally begin to unravel
themselves exposing what exists deep
beneath the surface of who you think you
are so draw your breath into the heart
now each time limiting thoughts arise
about who you are where you have been or
where you are going
gently guide these notions down to the
heart to be transformed as you witness
them arising silently repeat these
thoughts I see you and I release you I
see you and I release you I see you and
I release you
each time you release preconceived
notions about who you are you free up
empty space for new life to emerge from
without seeding any new ideas just yet
take some time to simply revel in the
silence and the emptiness of the world
within and it's a soothing emptiness
that grows more apparent as each
limiting notion of who you are
untangles itself from your core
[Music]
draw your awareness to your stomach
noticing the way the breath causes your
belly to rise and to fall on the breath
out alongside each full breath cycle
continue to ground yourself in this
moment through the breath allowing it to
remind you of what is most real that is
your direct experience of this present
moment
now as you breathe focus your attention
on the following words helping you to
deeply reaffirm the belief that you are
far more than any limiting self notions
and that you are capable of achieving
your truest dreams and goals so
alongside each breath silently whisper
to yourself I create my life from within
I create my life
from within I create my life from within
take a few moments of silence now to
sink deeply into the truth of these
words repeating them softly and slowly
begin to notice your entire body
becoming more relaxed and then draw your
awareness to your toes
very slowly begin to carry your
attention upwards throughout the body
and as you pass each area of your
physical being observe any areas where
they may be lingering tension or
tightness and silently whisper I see you
and I release you to each area that
requires your loving attention
once you have reached the top of your
head bring the entire physical body into
your awareness the mind included once
again quietly compassionately and
non-judgmentally repeat these words I
see you and I release you I see you and
I release you I see you and I release
you
a deep sense of lightness and freedom
will begin to overcome you just take a
few deep breaths into this sensation
allowing it to run through your entire
being
now with your highest self quietly
radiating outwards I invite you to begin
to consider what new version of yourself
is waiting to emerge what dreams or
goals are ready to be brought to
fruition
take a few moments of silence here as
you allow images and dreams to come to
you there is no need to actively seek
anything out there is also no right or
wrong ideas that might come to the
surface simply allow your heart to speak
allowing its purest and highest intent
to come to your awareness through words
and images observe them as they arise
[Music]
also becoming aware of any attempt the
mind might make to intervene refrain
from making plans from assessing
plausibility from arguing or judging
what arises just allow yourself to
unconditionally explore whatever comes
up for you
now begin to visualize yourself in a
small stretch of open space in the
middle of a forest observe the wildlife
that flourishes around you observe the
colors the textures the sounds and the
aromas open all of your senses to this
space feeling into the wild freedom of
this natural landscape
[Music]
you
standing firmly rooted into the earth
you reach into your pocket and pull out
three seeds just take a moment to
observe these seeds noting how
miraculous seeds really are these tiny
nuggets of material hold the power and
incredible potential to transform into
something completely different than what
they might appear to be in their present
form and you too have seeds inside of
you that are waiting to be planted so
take a moment to bring to mind three
intentions of your highest self of your
purest heart
consider the words and images that came
to you in the silent and spacious void
created after limiting thoughts and
beliefs had been released
what are your highest goals who are you
ready to become
now with the first intention in mind
silently whisper your vision to one of
your seeds take a moment to thoughtfully
plant this intention into the seed and
then as you bend down dig a small hole
with your bare hands
once you have prepared the soil for your
first seed place the seed in the space
created and gently cover it up with the
fertile earth take a moment to bless
this seed offering it the energy it
needs to blossom into full potential and
then come to rest in silence once again
in this opening in the forest
draw your second intention to mind and
bestow it upon your second seed
crouching down once again
create a space in the earth for your
seed to grow roots plant the seed and
then cover it with soil offer this newly
planted intention all of the love and
support it will need to grow into
fruition
and then return to silent awareness of
the enchanted forest you are Hin
finally observe the third seed resting
in the palm of your hand and whisper
your third and final intention or dream
to it
[Music]
breathe through the heart as you bless
this seed with unconditional love and
then as you did for the rest dig a small
hole in the earth and then plant your
seed as you cover the hole up with rich
soil observe a lightness coming over
your entire being your dreams have now
been seeded so take a few final moments
to send positive vibrations to the earth
and the seeds that are planted there
knowing that change is happening in this
very moment
witness the body relaxing and the breath
deepening as a subtle transformation
frees you of whatever once held you back
now gently release the image of yourself
in this fertile forest knowing that you
will come back here again and again
night after night to plant these
energetic seeds of your highest
intention
keep these intentions in mind for
replanting but also allow flexibility in
your intentions as complex human beings
we are multifaceted creatures with
numerous ways of expressing ourselves
and of living our lives the ways in
which you can live wholeheartedly are
boundless the possibilities are infinite
return to your breath allowing its
steady and subtle rhythm to carry you
into a state of deep relaxation there is
nothing left for you to do nothing for
you to visualize so allow all thoughts
to melt away
surrender your dreams to the world
around you knowing that the universe has
already heard your calls your highest
self is in the making and as you come
into sleep transformation will continue
to unfold
focus your attention on your breath as
you fall asleep or you may alternatively
choose to reaffirm the truth that the
power to recreate yourself and your life
exists inside of you quietly repeat I
create my life from within I create my
life from within I create my life from
within surrender to the universes
mysterious process and wisdom knowing
that you are unconditionally supported
loved and held in this very moment a new
you is being birthed right now