in challenging or stressful times it is
important to connect with your physical
sensations to ground your energy to
recognize your emotions as they are and
to remember that you are not your
thoughts you are not your feelings or
your emotions at times you may feel
controlled by your thoughts and your
emotions as if they become you but just
as you walk out in the rain you are not
the rain when you are experiencing
anxiety you are not the anxiety anxiety
is only an experience that you are
having there is a big difference in
saying to yourself I have anxiety or I
am anxious versus saying I am
experiencing anxiety in this moment the
first statement is claiming that
sensation as your own which your mind
recognizes as something it wants to hold
on to because you are the owner of it
today is your time to release stress and
anxiety you no longer need to take
ownership of it take comfort in the fact
that like all moments this moment too
shall pass the more you can tenderly
offer yourself love and kindness for
your experience the less suffering you
will experience
[Music]
thank you for joining me for this
practice if you are new here I'm Sara
Raymond from the mindful movement and if
you are returning welcome back today I
have a powerful and effective practice
to help you relieve stress and anxiety
and it starts with humming if you would
like more information about this
practice of humming and its effects you
can take a look at the mindful tip video
listed in the description box below for
now know that it is an effective tool to
relax your nervous system so you can
relieve stress and anxiety and now let's
begin I invite you to make yourself
comfortable comfort and the feeling of
safety are both very important for this
practice
choose a position that you don't have to
use a lot of effort to stay in for the
next little while bring your attention
to your immediate surroundings notice
the walls of the room around you know in
your heart that you are in a safe
comfortable place to practice
[Music]
with gratitude for this save shelter
take a deep inhale through your nose and
let out a relaxing sigh through your
mouth
[Music]
take another slow deep breath in through
your nose letting it out with a sigh and
relax down just a bit further into the
surface below you you can close your
eyes if you haven't already and with
your eyes closed since a gentle wave of
relaxation
sweeping over your entire body
[Music]
and as you settle in take a moment to
scan through your body and wherever
possible soften and release any obvious
areas of physical tension
[Music]
now allow your attention to rest on your
natural breath notice your breath as it
arises and as it passes
[Music]
for the next several breath cycles I
will guide you to begin counting your
breath in and creating a humming sound
on your exhale to begin this practice
breathe out completely breathe in for a
count of four then hold your breath for
a count of two and then allow your
exhale to slowly be released while
producing a humming sound
[Music]
do this again breathe in four three two
one hold to one and breathe out slowly
while humming
[Music]
and continue this on your own
[Music]
and as you do know that it may take a
few cycles to find a rhythm that works
for you you can adjust the length of
your inhale and the hold to suit your
comfort level
[Music]
this is your safe opportunity to make a
natural noise and feel the vibrations of
sound without judgments of how it sounds
[Music]
invite this practice to be soothing and
allow your mind and your body to drift
into a very calm State as you continue
take this time to remind yourself that
you are safe
notice the vibration of the sound
[Music]
[Music]
and now allow your breath to normalize
and notice how relaxed you have become
you can let go of the controlled
breathing pattern and now simply sense
that you are receiving the breath just
as you would be receiving any sounds you
hear
[Music]
with a relaxed awareness discover what
each breath is really like
[Music]
attending to your breath is like coming
home to yourself coming home to a place
where you can rest you can simply relax
as each breath comes in notice what it's
like and relax even more as you exhale
with a relaxed awareness slowly scan
your entire body
allow your awareness to move over each
part of your body noticing any areas
that if possible can be softened and
released of tension
[Music]
as you continue to notice the sensations
connect directly to what you are feeling
simply sense the feelings from within
your body
simply observe the sensations as they
are and invite a sense of ease into your
body you may find that the simple act of
paying attention to a specific body part
allows it to relax and let go
[Music]
in a moment I will guide you through a
relaxing scan of your body guiding your
attention to move strategically
throughout your body to ground and
restore your energy for the most
tranquil experience you can rest assured
your body is safe and supported and
knows exactly what to do to relax so
give yourself permission to relax fully
as your attention moves through the
areas of your body
send the quality of love to each area
become aware of the top of your head can
you feel this area from the inside of
your body as sensations only
now move your attention from the top of
your head to your forehead
and feel a sense of softening and
smoothing here
notice your right eye and relax the
muscles around your eye as well as the
eye socket
and now your left eye and since both
eyes together letting go
[Music]
become aware of your right cheek
inside of your mouth and outside
continue to relax even deeper here
and notice your left cheek
and relax both sides of your cheeks
inside and out as you feel the tension
softening from this area your entire
body let's go a little further feel the
right side of your jaw and feel the
hinge of your jaw on the left side also
now since both sides of your jaw letting
go completely this softening of your
face and jaw will deepen the relaxation
throughout your entire body
become aware of your throat as it
softens
allow this wave of comfort to continue
its journey down your body as you sense
your right shoulder and notice your left
shoulder and feel both shoulders at the
same time since the relaxing of your
right arm all the way down to your wrist
and hand and letting go completely
through your left arm down to your wrist
and hand relaxing and releasing both
arms together
lettin your chest and abdomen fill up
with breath and rest heavy with each
exhale sensing the comforting weight of
gravity to help you experience ease
and now with your attention inviting the
relaxation to continue its path down
your body as you sense your right hip
release completely and soften your left
hip no need to hold on to any tension
here and sense into both hips at the
same time
notice the area of your lower back
letting your focus linger here a little
longer as you ask your body for a
release let go of all of the tension and
tightness held in this area
[Music]
this comforting feeling moves into your
right thigh all the way down to your
ankle and foot notice now your left
thigh all the way down to your ankle and
foot and now since the length of both
legs relaxing together
slowly complete one more scan of your
body sensations starting from your head
and flowing your attention down all the
way to your feet and as you do breathe
into any areas of remaining tension to
completely let go
allow yourself to go deeper into
relaxation
[Music]
the simple act of looking inward and
acknowledging your experience can have a
powerful effect of being able to soften
and release that which you are holding
on to
you have the ability to come home to
yourself anytime you need simply
connecting with your breath and the
sensations in your physical body with
love and kindness has the power to relax
your nervous system
[Music]
find comfort in your entire body now
[Music]
your nervous system is shifting you are
shifting you have created change and you
are now in a very calm state of
relaxation
stay with the experience of your
sensations and this tranquillity for a
moment longer know that you can always
come back home to yourself back to the
state of grounded calmness because it
has always been a part of you
begin to broaden your awareness outward
[Music]
since the air around you as it makes
gentle contact with any exposed skin
take in a full breath and let it out as
slowly as you can letting go of your
breath and any tension as many times as
you need come back home to yourself to
the sensations in your body to ground
your energy to relax
to do this slow down pause and reconnect
with your body reconnect with your
breath feel the state in your body now
remember how you feel right now
hold on to it like muscle memory take
another deep breath in and let it out as
slowly as you can savor this relaxed
moment
and when it feels right to you
open your eyes thank you for practicing
with me I hope you experience peace and
joy throughout the rest of your day