welcome and thank you for listening to
this guided meditation to practice using
a positive internal dialogue as you go
through your day there is a continuous
dialogue that occurs inside your head
often planning for the future or
remembering events of the past
frequently this includes expectations
all of the shoulds and the judgments we
have of ourselves that may come from
others or from internally sometimes we
may knowingly or unknowingly repeat
negative statements in our head have
negative beliefs or engage in negative
self-talk our subconscious mind listens
to all of the internal dialogue that
goes on whether positive or negative
these thoughts act as affirmations and
the more we listen to them the more we
believe them the chatter in our minds
that goes on each and every day is
energy and has the potential to play a
strong role in our beliefs as well as
the energy we send out into this world
each time we say these negative things
or they are told to us we begin to
believe them we send out negative energy
and that negative energy comes back to
us and these negative thoughts take root
in our subconscious they can affect what
happens in our lives the choices we make
and the way we interact with others each
thought has a ripple effect outward on
our life much like a stone thrown into a
lake making small waves outward knowing
this gives us the ability to choose
instead
to effect ourselves in a positive way we
can retrain our minds by using positive
thoughts and sending out positive energy
by repeating positive affirmations in
our mind and out loud these two will
become beliefs today we will first begin
to relax our body in our mind with
attention to our breath and a connection
to our senses I invite you to make
yourself comfortable
you
take a moment to settle in you have
chosen to take this time to honor
yourself in a positive way by bringing
mindfulness to the way you live you are
strengthening the connection between
your body and your mind if you like
allow your eyes to close gently down and
take a moment to bring your awareness to
your breath without changing or forcing
your breath notice its natural pace its
natural depth and the path it takes
inside of your body
listen to the sound your breath makes on
the inside
hear the sound building as you inhale
and softening as you let it go hear the
rhythm of your breath as it relates to
your heartbeat
are they aligned
whatever you hear is as it should be
simply listen
and now attend to your sense of smell as
you breathe smell the air as it comes
into your nostrils what do you sense
without attaching a label to the sense
simply experience what is around you
feel your breath now feel the movement
of your breath
feel the expansion in your lungs
feel the rise and fall of your body
perhaps since the way your clothes
contact your skin or how the surface
below you feels as it connects with your
body
since the change as your ribs expand
and since the pressure building and
releasing between the front and back of
your body maybe you can see your breath
from within visualize its path notice
where each breath travels within are
there any areas your breath avoids or
spends extra time in
and since the relaxation and cleansing
effect your breath has on your body and
mind
your breath has the power to bring you
into peace
begin now to feel the temperature of
your breath as it flows into your body
is it warm is it cool
does it have the same temperature on the
out-breath
this awareness practice is about
bringing focus to your senses there is
no right or wrong way to do it no
correct answers
there is simply awareness and curiosity
and what arises for you spend the next
few moments being mindful of your senses
and your breath
as you continue to attend to your breath
and your senses begin to explore your
emotions as they arise with a curious
and kind approach
today I invite you to explore your
habitual negative self-talk or beliefs
without judgment perhaps consider how
these things that you may say to
yourself or believe about yourself might
be limiting you from reaching your full
potential and fulfilling your passions
know that we are all human and we are
perfectly imperfect without mistakes or
failures or imperfections we would not
grow we would not improve we would not
learn new ways of doing things
without darkness we would not know the
beauty of light without sadness we would
not know joy without pain we would not
know pleasure
know that these feelings coming up are
simply energy moving through your body
and out into the world and while you
cannot stop these emotions you can stop
them from taking over and dictating how
you respond to your life's events you
have the ability to respond in a
positive and loving way the positive and
loving energy you have in you when you
interact with others can affect each
event in life
place your hand on your heart if you
like and tell yourself that you love
yourself
sit with this feeling without judgment
or expectations
give love to yourself as you do for
others
know that you can pause for a moment out
of your busy day at any time to say
these words and reconnect to your heart
practice repeating the following loving
phrases in your mind or use your own
positive phrases if you choose believe
in these phrases in this present moment
feel the truth of these statements in
your body in your heart and in your mind
I am enough I love you
I am listening to what you need
I am lovable just the way I am
I am free beautiful and wise
I am perfectly imperfect
sit with these positive statements for a
few more moments of silence and feel the
love building inside of you
and now welcome a deep breath into your
body know that you can come back to your
mindful attention often throughout your
daily life you can meet your feelings
where they are with kindness and
compassion and you can continue to
practice building a positive internal
dialogue now bring your awareness back
to your physical body to the sensations
inside you in this present moment
continue to invite in a building sense
of love an honoring of your beautiful
heart take in one more deep breath
sending it into the area of your heart
to make space for unconditional love and
when you already open your eyes thank
you so much for listening today