this quick technique is a powerful
strategy to reduce stress in a difficult
situation practice with me as your guide
today to learn the technique so you can
use it whenever you need it most you can
come back to this recording as often as
you need to refresh the practice in your
mind or have guidance when necessary
hello and welcome I'm Sara Raymond from
the mindful movement here we are an
oasis where you can come to tap into
your inner peace positive mindset and
the ability for self healing whether
this is your first time practicing with
me or you frequently listen to our
meditations I am honored to be your
guide and hope you experience a sense of
peace with this practice you can choose
to be seated or lie down comfort is key
for this practice now I invite you to
make yourself as comfortable as possible
[Music]
close your eyes if you like or soften
your gaze take a moment to notice how
you're feeling right now without
judgment
become aware of how you are breathing
without making any changes where do you
feel your breath going
[Music]
what part of your breath is most
noticeable notice the natural rhythm and
pace of your breathing you may choose to
recite the phrases I am breathing in I
am breathing out breathing in breathing
out take another moment to remain
observant of your breath
[Music]
you may choose to place one hand on your
belly and the other on your chest to
help you connect further to the movement
of your body as you breathe begin to
count the length of your inhale
intentionally lengthening your breath in
bringing it down into your belly and
breathe out one count longer than your
inhale simply breathe out more slowly
you can take your time there is no rush
[Music]
do this again counting your deep inhale
into your belly and exhaling one count
longer this will give you a chance to
let go of old air and any attention you
may be holding on to
[Music]
continue this breath pattern down into
your belly exhaling longer than your
inhale let go of your breath completely
to make room for your incoming breath
you might begin to draw your belly
towards your spine gently with your
exhale to expel every last drop of air
making room for a fuller inhale you may
notice that each breath in is becoming
deeper and each breath out is complete
if you find your mind wander or become
distracted bring it back to this breath
pattern now begin to move your breath
three dimensionally into your ribs
filling up side to side and front to
back if it helps you can place your
hands on the side of your ribcage and
feel the expansion side to side with
your inhale and the subtle softening
with your exhale continue to breathe
deeply just as before allowing your
exhale to be longer than your inhale
simply allow your focus to be filling up
and releasing at the area of the rib
cage breathe deeply in this way for a
few more breaths cycles
if you find it gets to be too much allow
your breath to be natural again
and return to this breath practice when
you feel ready
[Music]
begin now to breathe from low in your
belly up into your ribs and all the way
to the area of your heart and breathe
out completely this full breath in from
the bottom all the way up to the top and
out again
will allow you to use and strengthen
your full lung capacity breathing in
again from your belly into your ribs all
the way up to your chest and out
completely
this breath pattern can have a relaxing
yet invigorating effect as soon as all
of your air is released allow your next
breath in again notice the moment when
your exhale flows right into your inhale
and then when your inhale becomes your
next exhale experience this complete
breath for a few more cycles inviting
your lengthened exhale to relax you
allow your breath to relax back to a
natural flow and notice how you are
feeling once again notice any
differences you may be experiencing
after adjusting your breath you may be
calmer and more relaxed perhaps you are
feeling refreshed connect with this
feeling knowing that it is always within
you you have the power to activate the
relaxation response anytime you need it
when you feel ready there's no rush
open your eyes and become aware of your
surroundings
once more remaining connected to this
relaxation response thank you so much
for practicing with me today I hope your
day is calm and full of joy