the idea of being in the present moment
is a powerful one when it comes to
anxiety depression and calming an
overactive mind depression can arise
when thinking about and living in the
past anxiety can show up when thinking
about and living in the future when your
thoughts are in the past or the future
an overthinking mind can bring turmoil
to your world and your overall
experience
today release these feelings calm the
overactive mind and experience peace in
this present moment this mindfulness
meditation can be used to focus on the
present moment and let go of worries
about the past and anxieties about the
future hello and welcome I'm Sara
Raymond here at the mindful movement we
are an oasis where you can come to tap
into your inner peace positive mindset
and the ability for self healing let's
begin I invite you to make yourself
comfortable
feel free to sit or lie down so you can
experience ease yet remain alert we will
start this meditation with your eyes
open with a soft gaze focus your line of
vision on one point in front of you
this can be a spot on the floor or the
wall whatever draws your attention
narrow your focus on this one single
point and allow everything in the
background to blur or fade away see all
there is to notice about this one point
now slowly broaden your field of view
like a camera lens widening with a
relaxed awareness notice everything you
can see in your current line of you
without turning your head
notice colors textures different
materials
and now slowly narrow your field of view
once more to the same single point that
you started with and as your focus
continues to narrow draw it in until
your eyes gradually closed and you allow
your attention to turn inward
[Music]
as you begin to look inside and settle
physically start with three deep breaths
in through your nose and out through
your mouth like a sigh
take these three breaths at your own
pace welcoming a slowing down of the
momentum of your energy to gradually
find stillness
[Music]
now begin to count your breath in then
as you breathe out encourage your exhale
to be one count longer than your inhale
[Music]
allow each exhale to carry away with it
any physical and emotional stress and
tension by exhaling longer than you
inhale your breath will slow and your
body will calm down
[Music]
you can consciously relax
do this for a few more breaths cycles on
your own
now enjoy the easy flow of your natural
breath feel the cool air as it passes in
through your nostrils and fills you up
[Music]
encourage each natural out-breath to
release any remaining tension you may be
feeling as you observe your breath you
can allow it to naturally slow down
become aware of your physical experience
[Music]
with your minds I notice first the palms
of your hands notice the energy here
perhaps you feel this as warmth or
tingling or a buzzing sensation notice
how simply moving your awareness to this
part of your body moves your energy to
this point by simply paying attention
you have the ability to move energy and
move a positive sensation within you
similar to broadening your visual focal
point begin to widen the experience of
your sensations outward moving from your
hands to awaken to the sensations in
your body
since the aliveness in your hands and in
your feet feel the energy moving within
you let your attention drift through the
sensations in your body without
directing it and without judging what
you find
and by you're moving attention on your
body to direct your energy and your
thoughts simply allow your focus to tune
into the sensations of your body right
here right now
[Music]
when you can do this live in this body
since your own aliveness you are in the
present and living in the space between
your thoughts when your mind is
attentive to the sensations of your body
you can pause you can extend the gap
between your thoughts in this space is
where you can experience peace and calm
[Music]
notice if there is anywhere you can
soften a little more look for anywhere
you can let go even deeper into
relaxation and ease let your physical
body go so that you can let your
thoughts go and now as I say each part
of your body let your focus move to each
part and encourage or release a complete
relaxation to find ease in your body by
simply moving your awareness throughout
your body as I mentioned each part allow
the surface below you to support you
fully so there is no need to hold your
position and you can be completely
relaxed become aware of your feet notice
this area and simply relax
move your attention up from your feet
and begin to release your lower legs and
knees feel how each part of your body
becomes heavy and goes deeper into
relaxation as you allow it to let go and
now find a sense of ease in your thighs
and hips as you let go completely
moving up noticing the area of your
lower back and abdomen take a deep
breath to move your energy and attention
here to release any tightness in your
lower back
continue this process of increasing your
comfort by moving your attention and
therefore your energy as you do this
welcome a feeling of softening into your
abdomen let your chest and arms rest
heavy on the surface below you
moving your attention upward feel as
your neck and throat release any
physical and emotional tension you may
be holding on to
notice now the hinges of your jaw allow
your jaw to unclench relaxing deeper and
deeper still feel as the small muscles
of your cheeks eyes and forehead soften
and they go
you may notice that as the small muscles
in your face and jaw let go the rest of
your body follows and softens even more
still now your whole body is heavy
relaxed and that ease you may sense that
you are safe and supported and you are
open to guiding yourself into a calm
state of mind let yourself go
let your mind and body go to a deep and
relaxed State
[Music]
and now that you are fully relaxed you
can begin the inward inquiry process by
checking in with what is true for you
notice what you are actually feeling
giving yourself permission to experience
in this present moment without trying to
change anything
let your thoughts come and go there is
no need to attach to them or follow your
thoughts
imagine your thoughts are like a river
flowing gently downstream let your
thoughts go so you can be here now awake
to the sensations in your body let your
thoughts go so you can make room for the
truth to surface in whatever form a
comes simply allow it to surface make
space for awareness and acceptance
without judgment
[Music]
whatever you're feeling is okay these
are simply patterns that have developed
they are not you recognize any self talk
going on in your mind and let your
thoughts come and go allow yourself to
move out of the thinking patterns and
bring your attention to your felt
experience no need to attach words or
labels to your feelings simply explore
what those feelings are pause and allow
these feelings give yourself permission
to be with this experience but your
thoughts come and go
[Music]
if you find your mind drifting going
back to old patterns of thinking or
overthinking lovingly guide yourself
back gesture your attention to come back
to the present moment sensations once
more
being present is the way stay in the
moment stay with the feelings and be
okay with it continue to make space in
your heart for whatever you are feeling
and simply be
stay with the experience of your
sensations as they arise for a moment
longer let your thoughts come and go
continue to come back to the felt
experience and move out of the thinking
patterns and then take some time to
nurture yourself place your hand on your
heart if you like and offer love and
kindness to yourself open your heart and
let it in offer a positive energy to the
area of your heart
begin to deepen your breath once more
allow your deepening breath to nurture
yourself with care and compassion since
an inner peace pause for just a moment
longer to truly experience the positive
sensations that are always within you
when you are willing to slow down and
look within
when you slow down and stay with the
sensations as long as you can you may
find that you notice more you are able
to live more fully without letting
thoughts take over now as many times as
you can
look for what wants to be seen listen to
what wants to be heard to do this slow
down pause look inward look in between
your thoughts quiet your thoughts to see
hear and feel deeply inhabit your body
fully and be open to life begin to
reactivate each part of your body from
its relaxed state feel the gentle
refilling of energy back into your body
awaken your body slowly and when you are
ready open your eyes take this calm
state with you as you go on with your
day thank you so much for practicing
with me I hope you have a peaceful day