hello everyone welcome to my channel the
human mind is one of the most powerful
and important tools that we have access
to we are what we think what we think we
become I am these two little words
possess the most incredible
life-altering power of any and all other
words in the world the words I am are
yours and yours only no one else can say
I am for you I challenge you to become
more conscious of your thoughts speak
and act from a place of love positivity
and watch your life change in this audio
I'm going to recite some positive
affirmations these I am affirmations
will help with self-image and confidence
after I say each affirmation I want you
to repeat the affirmation back to
yourself out loud in your head or write
it down on a piece of paper do this
every morning for 21 days in a row this
will create a habit and ultimately
change your life
I am strong I am
energetic I am powerful I am loved I am
abundant I am blessed I am open to
receive I am wealthy I am rich I am
successful
I believe in myself I am motivated I am
dedicated
I am confident I am fearless
I am taking action today
I am powerful
I am beautiful I am loving I am kind I
am balanced
I am positive I am peaceful
I am freedom I am wise I am relaxed I am
calm I am a vibration with the frequency
of prosperity
I am in vibration with the frequency of
success
I am in vibration with the frequency of
wealth
I am a money magnet
I am grateful
I am brilliant
I am talented