Music]
with closed eyes allow yourself to rest
comfortably into your breathing feel
yourself within your body relaxing fully
[Music]
take a deep breath in fully into your
belly and relax into the exhale feel the
support beneath you as you sit
comfortably connecting with the
environment around you
[Music]
become aware of the sounds you may be
hearing
take a full breath in and let it all out
[Music]
allow your body to release what is no
longer needs to hold on to let it go
flowing out and away
begin to sense the space around you
breathe in this space and become aware
of the rise and fall of your breath
[Music]
breathe down to where the weight of your
body rests below the base of your spine
to your root your chakra of belonging
breathe into your root let it soften and
gently expand on your breath taking a
nourishment and lifeforce energy
allow your roots to connect down down to
ground below deep into the earth and
envision a light of glowing red energy
surrounding the base of your spine
empowering embodying grounding you in
the here and now let your root take what
it needs
[Music]
[Music]
allow your awareness to move up just
below your belly button your chakra of
emotional intelligence choice creativity
movement and pleasure feel yourself
breathe into this area let it gently
soften and expand on your breath taking
in nourishment and lifeforce energy and
envision a glowing orange light enter as
you breathe balancing empowering
motivating
[Music]
moving your awareness up to the soft
area below your breastbone to your solar
plexus your chakra of personal power
breathe into here allowing your solar
plexus to soften and expand on your
breath and invite in the color yellow
bathe your solar plexus with sunshine
replenishing restoring nurturing letting
your solar plexus take what it needs
[Music]
focus now on the center of your chest to
your heart your chakra of
self-development and unconditional love
gently breathe into your heart betting
it's awesome and expand on your breath
and invite in green light the color of
spring bathe your heart center with
nourishment bring your healing let your
heart take what it needs
[Music]
moving your attention up to your neck to
your throat your chakra of
self-expression and personal will allow
your throat Center to soften expand
envisioning a blue glowing energy
breathe this energy into your throat
center clearing opening softening
freeing self-expression and creativity
let your throat take what it needs
[Music]
move your focus now up to the center of
your forehead between your eyebrows to
your third eye your chakra of wisdom and
intuition
gently allowing it to soften expand and
breathe invite in indigo the velvety
color of night sky bathe your third eye
with indigo soothing balancing bringing
clarity insight and understanding let
your third eye take what it needs
[Music]
moving up now to the top of your heads
to your crown your chakra of oneness
allowing your crown to breathe and
gently in a warm light softly bathing
your crown balancing restoring
harmonizing let your crown take what it
needs
[Music]
now feel your entire body as if you were
your own skin feeling the entire outline
of your body you may feel some excess
energy radiating out
[Music]
with focus and intention directs this
energy to your belly as he can store it
there for whenever you may need it
[Music]
and before you end this meditation hold
yourself for a few moments with
loving-kindness for the beautiful unique
being that you are
[Music]