this is a meditation on depression it is
not meant to fight against depression or
hide from it but to sit with it and
learn to develop a relationship with
these feelings
there are many dark and painful feelings
you may be experiencing right now it may
be that elusive feeling of hopelessness
that seems to permeate your thoughts and
maybe a feeling of meaninglessness
without motivation or purpose
it may just be an unexplainable sadness
the Sun rises and sets and the days go
on but you feel stuck lost trapped in a
dark pit depression can feel like a
black ink that soaks through your
consciousness but there is hope there is
always a tiny sliver of light that is
waiting in the distance to take you back
even if it may not feel that way in the
moment or even if it hasn't felt that
way for quite some time although you may
feel yourself return only in small slow
increments this meditation is intended
to take you on a journey back to your
life back to inner stillness and peace
finding a light within the darkness
so let's begin
allow yourself to sit or lay comfortably
with your hands resting gently at your
sides or on your legs you may choose to
gently shut your eyes or keep them
softly focused until they become so
heavy that you can no longer hold them
open
as you get yourself comfortable in these
first few moments allow your attention
to draw itself to your breathing begin
taking slow deep breaths in through your
nostrils and start to think to yourself
simply in out but every breath in and
out
and if it feels good to you every once
in a while take an extra deep breath and
just hold it for a second then slowly
exhale in a long comforting release and
just fill yourself otherwise breathe
naturally as you begin to settle in
we'll start by counting down from five
and with each number just take a slow
healing breath and think to yourself the
short phrase focused and relaxed so
begin now with breath in five and exhale
focused and relax
four
focused and relaxed your breathing
changes during this it's perfectly fine
three focused and relaxed two focused
and relaxed and one focused and relaxed
just let a feeling of peacefulness wash
over you your head may be becoming heavy
your eyes may push too close if they
have not already every muscle relaxing
your body sinking deep deep into the
surface
just continue to keep a gentle and
steady breath notice notice now your
entire body
let me feel a slight tingling in your
arms or hands or legs you may even get a
sensation of the blood flowing
throughout your body or notice your
heartbeat you may also notice yourself
within your surrounding space or even
begin to feel yourself slowly connecting
with it almost becoming one instead of a
separate entity with everything around
you now we will count down once again
and this time begin to just imagine a a
bright healing light in front of you
even golfing you and surrounding you and
with each breath just think that phrase
healing light
and see it now five healing light and
end for healing light and specializing
see it clearly feel it around you 3
healing light
so vivid to healing light healing every
nerve in your body and one healing light
now as you further draw attention to
your body and your relationship with all
that's around you just bring awareness
to the very top of your head and as you
take another calming breath allow a
sensation of relaxing energy to flow
down your head down your head and
through your neck and your shoulders
maybe just a slight tingling sensation
we also enjoy a pleasant sensation
behind your eyes I'm just allowing a
soothing weight to push down on them as
your head gains that feeling of
heaviness feel that tingling wave move
slowly down your arms through your
elbows and wrists and out the very tips
of your fingers
continuing to breathe slowly and calmly
feel it creep back up and then down to
your chest slowly down your door so
gently breathing and finally ever so
slowly down your legs down your legs and
out the tips of your toes
peeling that warm calming energy just
flowing throughout your body and on
these next breaths just pretend that
you're standing elsewhere in the room
watching your own body within the space
and see yourself and visualize it and
imagine that you see a warm glowing
lights around you now on the next
several breaths you will feel that heavy
pressure of weight come down on you more
and more enjoy this feeling this heavy
feeling as you take a breath in can
count with me five and out heavy weight
heavy weight
and for heavyweight throughout your
whole body three heavyweight each breath
in makes you feel heavier weighed down
to each sound of my voice makes you feel
heavier sinking sinking deep into the
surface and one heavy weight this
continue to bring focus to your breath
and to my words feeling that heaviness
pulling your downward into the floor
your muscles just relax and give into it
all down down down
and as you reach the fullness of this
weight take just one minute to soak in
this heavy feeling concentrate on that
warm glow and give yourself into the
words that follow just relax for one
minute
what your mind creates is not you this
depression is feelings it it's not you
it has you in its grasp your suffering
is real but hopelessness is not real the
pain that you're running from and
running from is real but the prison bars
that you feel trapped behind are not
real can you overcome this nightmare can
you wake up find your way out of this
dark pit from this lonely isolated place
that you find yourself in you can and
you will and you will wait and practice
and hang on to hope because it is there
for the taking
it is not lost
you can escape and you will
keep imagining yourself in this warm
glow but imagine imagine it change in
hue it's a vibrant red around you and
then slowly slowly that becomes a bright
blue a bright glowing blue and the
energy it begins flowing through you as
you notice every nerve every limb every
part of your body is one within this
space energy warm blue glow of light
flowing through you and now lastly as I
count you will feel this weight slowly
and gently begin to lift five you may
suddenly see and visualize the vastness
and openness of the sky in space for
even beginning to levitate becoming
lighter and lighter your arms become
feathers and you throw off the heavy
anvils a surface below you disappears
three
you see yourself no longer bound by
gravity or this room breathing in and
out as that glow brightens and it turns
into an almost blinding white to lighter
and lighter fearless alive free lighter
and lighter floating floating up into
the vastness of the universe and with
one more revitalizing breath I count you
to one weightless floating here in the
vastness of space and time
allow yourself
two more minutes just two more minutes
to float in this open world within your
mind and allow yourself to search for
these answers that you so desperately
know are within you
give yourself just two minutes
healing is not instant wounds take time
to heal but believe in your healing
believe in your meaning and purpose you
are still you you are still alive you
are here you are okay you are okay
this concludes our meditation so please
return whenever you are lost and
whenever you are ready