welcome and thank you for listening to
this 15-minute meditation for relieving
stress and building confidence this
short meditation can be used to help
lower your stress level increase your
positive energy and build confidence
this is a useful meditation to practice
at the start of your day to make space
for calm and skillful responses to
events you can also use this before an
event that you may be nervous about or
after a stressful experience be sure to
set aside the next 15 minutes turn off
all distractions and dedicate this time
to improve your well-being as we enter
into our meditation practice today
approach this experience as if you are a
beginner know that thoughts are okay and
expected during this time
if you find yourself thinking simply
bring your focus back to your breath
bring it back inward lovingly
be kind to yourself each and every time
you return your focus as you sit simply
be here now with the practice not trying
to do or accomplish anything
let go of any expectations of what you
should be experiencing and simply allow
be open to what is in this present
moment without judgment be patient with
your practice and the resulting effects
now let's begin make yourself
comfortable
take a moment to elongate your spine
making it upright but not rigid or tense
or if you prefer to lie down make sure
your spine is straight yet relaxed close
your eyes and rest your hands in an easy
effortless position
as we begin this meditation bring your
attention inward to your breath to the
path the breath takes as it moves in
through your nose then notice where it
flows as it travels throughout your body
this mindful attention to your breath is
a practice and can be repeated whenever
it is needed as you continue to breathe
deeply notice where the breath flows
into your body how it makes your body
feel and what sensations naturally arise
with each breath
there is no need to control or change
your breath simply use the awareness of
your breath to discover what is really
occurring discover what you are feeling
and bring mindfulness to this moment use
each breath to continue the release
process throughout your body
as you focus your attention on your
breath and begin the process of
relaxation approach this meditation with
the intention to accept who you are and
where you are in your life right now
accept and love all of your strengths as
well as what you may consider your flaws
be comfortable with your body and what
you have achieved as well as what you
have not yet accomplished know in your
heart that you are enough just as you
are with a relaxed awareness take a
moment to slowly scan your entire body
allow your awareness to move over each
part of your body noticing any areas
that if possible can be softened and
released of tension begin this loving
scan at the top of your head let go of
any expectations of what you think you
might sense and simply feel what is
truly there as you continue to notice
the sensations around your head
your face throat and neck try to connect
directly to what you are feeling rather
than using your eyes to scan the body or
labeling specific sensations sense the
feelings from within your body
do you feel tingling heat tightness
tension or relaxation you might feel a
sensation of floating or lightness or
heaviness whatever you're feeling is
okay simply observe the sensations you
may find that simply paying attention to
a specific body part allows it to relax
and let go
as you scan begin to use your minds
awareness to ask for relaxation
throughout your entire body
continue moving the scan of your body
down all the way to your feet and stay
with the sensations and this relaxation
process as you slowly scan your body
fully notice any areas that may still be
holding on to any lingering tension and
ask your body to let go
simply let go of the need to be in
control and surrender to the support of
the surface below you your body is safe
and supported
notice any areas that may still be
holding on to any lingering tension and
once more ask your body to let go let go
of the need to be in control see the
tension melting away leaving your body
and going down into the surface below
you to be gone from your body forever
as you take time now to relax
I'd like you to recall a specific
powerful and positive experience you
have had in the recent past an
experience that has had great meaning
for you in which you felt confident
once you have recalled the specific
event I invite you to see yourself in
that experience now there may have been
some very important lessons that you
learned from that experience take a
moment to explore in great depth this
experience and in particular how you
were feeling
[Music]
now consider how are you going to use
this learning experience in the future
this important learning will be
available to you in the future at the
exact moment you need it when you have
completed that process and feel
comfortable about the lessons you've
learned I invite you to return your
attention to the sound of my voice as we
begin to use positive affirmations to
support you on your journey of stress
relief and confidence-building I will
say each affirmation one time for you to
hear then I will leave a moment for you
to repeat them again on your own
as you say each affirmation I invite you
to imagine that it is already true for
you feel the positive essence of the
words as you repeat them and allow them
to become part of you in your mind
listen once and then repeat once on your
own
I have inner peace
I am stress-free I am full of joy
positive thoughts have a major impact on
my life I always find the positive in
everything I love and accept myself I
make choices that align with my values
and lead me to the life I desire I have
self-discipline and self-confidence
I respect myself and my body I am
comfortable with myself
I feel my confidence growing daily I
love Who I am and who I am becoming I
practice self-care with love I know I'm
a beautiful person inside and out
I feel great about myself and my life I
am confident in my skills and abilities
I am successful and abundant in all
areas of my life
I'm a great person and my life is filled
with purpose I have amazing strength
within me
I am enough I am grateful for today
and now bring your attention back to
your physical body and to your breath
as an observer see yourself smiling with
a positive and confident mind feeling
proud and grateful as you begin to come
out of the state of relaxation you are
feeling confident and motivated knowing
that you can and will succeed your
subconscious mind has heard all of the
positive affirmations and will remember
all of them when you open your eyes you
will still feel all of the positive
feelings you experienced in this
meditation begin to bring your awareness
back to the present moment to the sounds
around you in the surface below you you
are feeling relaxed and confident
when you are ready bring some gentle
movements to your body and open your
eyes thank you so much for listening I
hope you have a wonderful day