when it feels like everything is out of
your control
seek to connect with what you do have
control over your breath and your
response to your experience in times of
uncertainty anxiety worry and fear are
often heightened these strong emotions
are a signal a reminder for you to
deepen your connection with yourself you
can choose to see these uncertain times
as an opportunity to slow down practice
inner reflection and look for the
positive growth that will come out of
the challenges that we are all
collectively facing while it feels as
though we are each going through this in
isolation you are not alone even this
meditation others all over the world are
practicing with you and supporting you
on your journey as you are doing for
them as well and I am here to support
you as I am writing and recording this
meditation I am thinking of each and
every one of you and sending you
positive healing energy if you are new
here I'm Sarah Raymond and if you are
returning welcome back here at the
mindful movement we are an oasis where
you can come to tap into your inner
peace positive mindset and the ability
for self healing today let go of fear
and worry know that you are safe and you
can choose to cultivate more peace and
joy
I invite you to make yourself
comfortable close your eyes if you'd
like or simply soften your gaze
invite your attention to shift away from
the sights smells and sounds around you
and begin to bring your focus inward
while it may feel like you want to
escape reality when things get difficult
now is your invitation to make a deeper
connection with yourself and with the
collective energy of the world become
aware of where your body makes contact
with the surface below you
let this connection ground you feel this
as support and allow yourself to be
fully supported you are safe you can
trust in the universe

use this sensation of where you and your
support meet to draw your awareness
gradually from your outer experience to
your inner world

notice without judgment what your
physical sensations are in this moment
your body has the amazing ability to
cope with challenges and grow stronger
from them if you allow and let go of
resistance it is okay to befriend the
fear that shows up for you fear is not
the enemy it is a helpful and necessary
emotion when it is channeled correctly
meet whatever you're experiencing with
love

allow your relaxed awareness now to move
to the sensations of your hands notice
your hands as they are in this moment
what sensations are they are now do you
sense tingling or buzzing

are you aware of the temperature of your
hands

now make tight fists with both hands
clenching and gripping tightly take a
deep breath in hold it for a moment and
as you exhale as slowly as you can
release your hands completely letting go
letting go letting go do this again make
a tight fist with both hands hold it
tight take a deep breath in hold for a
moment and again exhale as slowly as you
can and release your hands release the
gripping
letting go throughout your entire body
feel how this relaxation moves
throughout your entire body as you let
go of the gripping in your hands

take a moment to enjoy this ease connect
with this relaxed state

while there are many things in life that
you don't have control over your breath
is one aspect that you can direct a bit
to continue relaxing and letting go even
deeper invite your exhales to lengthen
now
if it feels right to you start to count
the length of your next inhale and
encourage your exhale to be twice as
long
perhaps you begin with a two count
inhale and a four count exhale
and as you continue lengthening each
exhale and counting your breath you may
move to a three and six count follow the
lead of your breath breathing in this
way for a few more cycles
allow your breath to be easy and
relaxing continuing to let go of
gripping and let go of the need to try
too hard

consider the times in life when
releasing and letting go gives way to
growth trees must let go of leaves in
the fall to have the opportunity for new
growth in the spring
waves in the ocean flow in to the shore
and back out again creating a natural
ebb and flow
[Music]
many animals must shed their skin or
outer layer in order to grow

as humans we have a period of exhalation
to make room for the next inhalation
there must be an in period as well as an
out period receiving and letting go
consider the times when resistance
creates more difficulty

for example the spinning wheels of a car
in mud the more you try to get out the
deeper the wheels dig into the mud

take a moment now to scan through your
body can you find any areas where you
are holding on breathe into those areas
and then let go
[Music]
perhaps you may be holding on at the
area of your stomach can you let go here
can you open the flow of energy within
you
continue to connect with relaxation as
deeply as you can practice surrendering
practice letting go
open to the healing energy within you
continue this on your own for the next
few moments in silence and I will check
back with you soon

when your mind wanders come back to your
body come back to your powerful healing
energy are you able to relax even more
connect even deeper with yourself
[Music]
listen to your heart surrender to your
inner wisdom
again become aware of the place where
your body meets the support below you
sense this connection
since the support
in times of challenge and uncertainty we
can support one another the benefit of
your meditation practice and your
connection to your inner wisdom will
benefit your loved ones neighbors
community and the collective energy of
the universe we are all in this together
and will grow stronger from this time as
it draws us closer to one another
look through the dark night to see the
light trust in the universe

feel the love surrounding you have faith
that this will pass take a deep breath
in once more
and let it out slowly
release peace and healing energy out
into the world and know that others are
doing the same to support you connect
with the knowledge that you have the
ability and strength to handle whatever
comes your way let's take one more deep
breath in together and as you let it go
slowly open your eyes I am truly
grateful and honored to have this
opportunity to practice with you may you
be well may you be safe and may you live
with peace