welcome and thank you for choosing the
mindful movement the short meditation
can be used to help calm your nerves
or when you are experiencing a busy or
stressful time in your life be sure to
set aside the next 10 minutes turn off
all distractions and dedicate this time
to improve your well-being make yourself
comfortable
take a moment to elongate your spine
making it upright but not rigid or tense
close your eyes and rest your hands in
an easy effortless position together we
will take a moment to pause and calm
down
during a busy possibly stressful time
this pause can invite a sense of
gratitude
rather than overwhelmed to come over you
this pause right when things seem as if
they can't get any busier can't get any
more chaotic can be the one thing that
reconnects you with the present moment
reconnects you with what's really
important this moment to pause is your
self-care in a time where it can be
difficult to navigate all of the things
to do this short guided meditation to
pause and reconnect will bring you to a
state of blissful relaxation and peace
in this state of peace you can think
more clearly be open to possibilities as
they present themselves and respond to
situations in a way that aligns with
your intentions to be the best person we
can be to help and support those loved
ones surrounding us we first need to
love and care for ourselves often a
simple moment of pause and mindful
attention can be exactly what you need
to support yourself there's nothing for
you to do right now but to take care of
yourself for the next 10 minutes of
relaxation
as we begin this meditation bring your
attention inward to your breath to the
path the breath takes as it moves in
through your nostrils then notice where
it flows once it travels inside of your
body take a few full slow deep breaths
to encourage a sensation of relaxation
to inhabit your entire body this mindful
pause is a practice and can be repeated
often throughout each day when needed as
you continue your attention on your
breath begin to count the length of your
breath in
then as you breathe out invite the
exhale to be one count longer than the
inhale allow each exhale to carry away
with it any physical and emotional
stress intention by exhaling longer than
you inhale your breath will slow your
body and mind will calm down in response
do this for a few breaths cycles and
then allow the breath to return to its
natural rhythm
and now as you continue to breathe
naturally notice where the breath flows
into your body notice how it makes your
body feel and what sensations arise with
each breath there's no need to control
your breath simply use the awareness of
your breath to discover what is really
occurring what you are feeling and to
bring mindfulness to this moment of
pause use each breath to continue the
release process throughout your body
with a relaxed awareness take a moment
to slowly scan your entire body allow
your awareness to move over each part of
your body noticing any areas that if
possible can be softened and released of
tension begin at the top of your head
and invite all of the muscles and your
- relax do your best to let go of any
expectations of what you think you might
sense and simply feel what is there
without judgement as you continue to
notice the sensations around your head
face throat and neck try to connect
directly to what you are feeling rather
than using your eyes to scan the body
the eyes can create tension internally
try to sense the feelings from within
your body
do you feel tingling heat tightness
tension or relaxation you might feel a
sensation of floating lightness or
heaviness you may sense that there is no
difference between where you end and
where the energy around you begins it is
all connected it is all one whatever
you're feeling is okay simply observe
the sensations as they are and invite in
a sense of ease in your body you may
find that the simple act of paying
attention to a specific body part allows
it to relax and let go
continue moving the scan of your body
downward all the way to your feet
and stay with the sensations and the
relaxation process as you slowly scan
your body fully notice any areas that
might still be holding on to any
lingering tension and ask your body to
let go simply let go of the need to be
in control and surrender to the support
of the surface below you your body is
safe and supported and knows what to do
to relax your subconscious mind will be
aware of anything that is important to
you or needs your immediate attention
all you need to do is follow the sound
of my voice as a guide and allow
yourself to relax experience and embrace
the feelings of unconditional love for
yourself
being fully present to this moment to
your physical body to the sounds around
you and the surface below you set the
intention for peace and relaxation for
your physical body for you mentally and
spiritually
your mind may naturally drift off into
thoughts and that is okay
you do not need to completely shut off
your mind and empty it of all thoughts
when you do recognize that your mind is
drifting acknowledge your thoughts
without following those thoughts into a
drawn-out story
you can choose to visualize the thoughts
drifting off into the distance like a
cloud floating by and then come back to
your breath to ground you and bring you
into the present moment once more
the breath is your place to be fully
present the breath gives you the
opportunity to pause
if your attention shifts to focus on a
sensation or emotion allow it to move
away from your breath for a moment to
notice what's coming up in your physical
body again without judgment and without
getting caught up in thinking stories
intend to allow the sensations or
emotions as they are if your attention
begins to drift simply come back to your
breath as your anchor to ground you in
this present moment and now begin to
bring your awareness back to this
present moment back to the surface below
you and when you are ready take a deep
breath and then sigh it out breathe out
any remaining stress frustration tension
and distraction from within you don't be
afraid to make a sound take another deep
breath and allow your exhale to flow out
of you
cleansing and healing your body and mind
like a warm wave of energy do this again
and notice how you become increasingly
more relaxed yet energized and focused
at the same time feel yourself becoming
present anchored and grounded in the
simple practice of breathing deeply and
when you are ready open your eyes
knowing you are calm and focused to go
on with your day
