take the next few moments for yourself
slow down refill your energy and connect
with yourself enjoy this short guided
meditation practice to develop the
peaceful state that is already within
you hello and welcome if you haven't
practiced with me before I'm Sara
Raymond from the mindful movement if you
are returning welcome back it is an
honor to have this opportunity to guide
you thank you for joining me here we are
an oasis where you can come to tap into
your inner peace positive mindset and
the ability for self healing and now I
invite you to make yourself comfortable
close your eyes if you'd like
take a moment to pause and mindfully
breathe and let everything else go peace
is within you
breathe deeply in through your nose and
breathe out completely through your
mouth do this again fill up expand with
your inhale and let go and relax with
your exhale continue breathing like this
and as you do perhaps feel your body
soften your muscles let loose and your
mind become calm together we will take a
moment to pause and calm down perhaps at
a time when you need it most
this pause can invite a sense of
gratitude this pause can be the one
thing that reconnects you with the
present moment it can reconnect you with
what is really important
this moment to pause is your self-care
this pause is to bring you to a state of
blissful relaxation and peace
in this state of peace you can think
clearly you can be open to possibilities
as they present themselves and you can
respond to situations in a way that
aligns with your intentions and values
[Music]
simply notice the sensations of your
breath and by paying attention your
breath leads your minds attention and
relaxes you further
be here with your breath in a tranquil
state of relaxation
allow your thoughts to come and go just
like the rise and fall of your breath
simply be here now with your breath for
this short pause to relax
when your mind wanders lovingly bring
your attention back to this present
moment noticing your breath as a
reminder to relax into the present
connect with this feeling of calm within
you feel it remember it savor the state
of tranquility
[Music]
[Music]
when you are ready open your eyes again
you can take this pause to free yourself
from stress anytime you need and as many
times as you need
[Music]
thank you for practicing with me I hope
you have a day filled with peace and joy