thank you for taking the time to listen
to this guided meditation to help reduce
stress and anxiety this practice of
relaxation is most beneficial when done
regularly where the benefits are
compounding and over time it will become
easier for you
while this practice of meditation will
take many different forms and look
different from person to person don't
expect perfection be patient with your
practice and the resulting effects
if you find value from this and believe
you know someone else that can benefit
from listening please share with your
friends and family
the idea of being in the present moment
is a powerful one when it comes to
anxiety and stress
we are often scheduled to the max and we
become physically and emotionally
stressed out we often find our mind
cluttered and overthinking we worry
about how the past could have gone
differently where we wonder if the
future will go as exactly as we plan it
this meditation will help to calm down
your overthinking mind it will help you
to be present so that you can simplify
and clear the clutter of your mind it
has been said by many great thought
leaders in this world but the way we do
anything is the way we do everything so
if we want to declutter our mind we must
also declutter our physical world
this mindfulness meditation can be used
to focus on the present moment and let
go of worries about the past and
anxieties about the future more you
practice this the easier it will become
for you and you will see the benefits
trickle over into many other areas of
your life and now turn off all
distractions and commit this time for
yourself let go of your to-do lists and
your responsibilities
take this time for you for self-care of
the gift to enjoy you must first help
yourself and love yourself before you
can help or love anyone else and when
you are ready close your eyes and bring
your full awareness to your breath begin
to count your breath in
then as you breathe out encourage the
exhale to be one count longer than the
inhale allow each exhale to carry away
with it any physical and emotional
stress and tension
by exhaling longer than you inhale your
breath will naturally slow and your body
will calm down
do this for a few breaths cycles then
allow the breath to return to its
natural rhythm
know that your breath is an anchor to
the present moment
you know that you cannot get back a
breath from your past nor can you make a
future breath come any sooner than the
present moment so you know you are
always in the present moment when you
are attentive to your breath
as you may still have thoughts going
through your mind notice them from afar
as if you are an observer
notice your thoughts and acknowledge
them by saying in your mind thinking
then come back to the breath and use
this breath as an anchor to keep coming
back to whenever your mind wanders this
breath anchor is a grounding and stress
relieving practice to continue outside
of the session whenever you may
experience a stressful situation at any
point in life you can always just come
back to your breath as if you are
starting over this anchor will allow you
to relax and times of stress
as you focus your attention on your
breath approach this meditation with the
intention to simplify and to slow down
allow your body to soften and your
breath to be gone
know that your body responds to your
thoughts so think about relaxing and ask
your body for a release of tension your
mind is so powerful in creating change
in all aspects of your life
and now as you breathe in imagine that
your breath has a bright white color to
it and it is filling you up as you
breathe out that white light is taking
with it any physical tension or feelings
of anxiety take a long slow deep breath
in through your nose and now move the
breath all the way down into your
abdomen filling you up with light and
making space then allow your body to
just surrender as you exhale breathing
out anything that no longer serves you
each full breath clears out the clutter
and relaxes your body and mind even more
deeply and now invite your body to relax
each muscle completely
begin with the muscles around the eyes
and the jaw
by relaxing these muscles specifically
the rest of the body knows exactly what
to do and will relax in response
continue to unclench the jaw completely
and soften the muscles around the eyes
to begin to feel that familiar heaviness
throughout the entire body all you have
to do is think about relaxing and
releasing the tension in your body and
your body will respond because it
listens to what your mind tells it
and now feel the entire body let go feel
that the tension in your body has begun
to loosen and subside
stay with your breath when you find your
mind wandering stay with the physical
sensations of your body so that your
mind can continue to clear the clutter
of the overthinking tendency know that
your subconscious mind will be aware of
anything that is important to you you
are in complete control but for now your
mind and body know it is time to relax
and let go time to slow down right now
all sounds around you are unimportant
and they just add to your relaxation all
responsibilities and items on your to-do
list are unimportant right now all you
need to do is follow the sound of my
voice as a guide
and allow your body to relax and your
subconscious mind will do the job of
clearing the clutter notice how deep and
calm your breath has become as you
continue to relax deeper and deeper you
now allow yourself to drift into a deep
state of relaxation
letting yourself go letting your body
mind and spirit become one
and now begin to use your imagination
and take a moment to see yourself in
front of a beautifully decorated glass
elevator door
this class door is etched and frosted
with the most amazing design on it see
this design in your mind reach out and
feel the texture with your fingertips
feel the cool temperature of the glass
this elevator will take you down to the
deepest part of your subconscious mind
so that you can declutter your thoughts
release tension and negativity
you see the door slowly opening and you
step into the spacious elevator
you know you are completely safe and you
can see through the glass walls of the
elevator
you push the B button so that you can go
down to the basement of your mind this
elevator will lead you deep into
relaxation each level will take you
deeper down
and in a moment as I begin to count the
elevator will take you down slowly into
a more deep relaxation you will find
that a deeper down you go the more
comfortable and the more relaxed you'll
become
10 as the elevator begins at slow
descent you are deeply relaxed you feel
the stress melting away 9 you feel
yourself completely letting go of any
responsibilities or things you may need
to do
eight you know you are right where you
need to be on your journey and you allow
the outside world to just to turn off
seven each level down takes you even
deeper into a relaxed state six you're
committed to taking your life and dreams
to the next level five
letting go completely
for going deeper and deeper into comfort
the REE almost to the basement of your
subconscious mind - deep deep relaxation
and one all the way into a deep state of
relaxation and peace and now we have
reached the bottom the elevator doors
slowly open and you walk out into the
basement of your subconscious mind
you take a look around and see that you
have stepped out into what looks like a
library
that stores all of your memories as well
as the possibilities for your future
there are rows and rows of shelves
throughout the entire room each shelf
filled with many many books
you see books of all different sizes and
colors some of the books are
disorganized and there are areas of
clutter around the floor in front of
some of the shelves you feel an intense
desire to organize the books so that
they are easily accessed when needed and
to clean up the clutter around the room
knowing that by doing this you will
organize and declutter your mind and
your life you realize that just by
thinking about organizing and cleaning
magically this room changes
the room becomes well-organized and the
clutter is cleared
this change has simplified your life and
with this change you feel a positive
change within yourself
you know that deep inside you a switch
has been reset so that everything works
in your favor you are now organized and
decluttered in all areas of your life as
well as your thinking mind you are able
to generate support and inspiration for
yourself far more easily than before you
enrich yourself mentally emotionally and
spiritually to do all that it takes to
actualize your goals thrive and live in
alignment with your values and
intentions you begin to take even better
care of yourself you redefine yourself
as a happier energetic and more
lighthearted person
you feel the physical weight of anxiety
has been lifted to allow you to be a
lighter and calmer
you allow new and more empowered
thoughts and inspired feelings of
success healing wellness and happiness
to profoundly build within you you
respect yourself showing yourself loving
kindness and compassion
and now you let go of any negative
thoughts
that no longer serve you you let go of
any pasts negativities and you replace
them with positive behaviors positive
thoughts and feelings of gratitude you
are aware of your thoughts and you have
the ability to change from a negative
thought to a positive one just by being
aware
you believe that you could be strong and
confident in your life
you see your past limiting beliefs and
behaviors disappear
self-doubt fear and anxiety are things
of the past and you replace them with
optimism confidence and an easily calm
disposition you trust your instincts and
your abilities you are easily able to
accept things as they are knowing that
you are exactly where you are supposed
to be on your journey
and now bringing your attention to the
room around you take one last look
around at the organized and decluttered
space of your subconscious mind
know that this new organized space will
translate to stress free anxiety free
living in all aspects of your life
now as you begin to walk back towards
the elevator the doors slowly open and
invite you in as you step into the
elevator you have a strong sense that
you can continue to reduce stress and
anxiety in your life by continuing the
process of simplifying and clearing the
clutter oh you are capable of achieving
your dreams and you have the potential
to accomplish great things now bring
your attention back to your physical
body and your breath
you will easily and effortlessly be able
to use the breath as an anchor when you
come out of the state of relaxation
and now as an observer see yourself
smiling with a positive calm and
competent mind feeling proud and
grateful when you awake you will still
feel all of the positive feelings you
experienced in this meditation and you
have patience and persistence for the
practice of simplifying and decluttering
your mind and physical world in just a
moment I will count as the elevator
slowly brings you back up and when you
get to the top
you will begin to bring your awareness
back to the present moment feeling
relaxed yet energized and confident
one you are slowly beginning to come out
of the state of comfort
to bring your awareness to the present
moment to the sounds around you to your
physical body 3 you are feeling totally
relaxed and calm for your mind is clear
calm and confident 5 your thoughts are
positive 6 you begin to bring some
gentle movements to your body 7 you are
feeling wonderful emotionally calm and
at peace you choose to feel wonderful
and you choose to be positive 8 you feel
the strength of confidence and you
believe in yourself feeling ready to
open your eyes ready to move forward
with your day 9 open your eyes you are
fully awake and energized and 10 you
feel amazing thank you so much for
listening please share if you found
value in this recording and comment
below if there's a specific topic you
would like to hear in the future
recordings I hope you have a wonderful
day