[Music]
welcome to our meditation practice
today's intention for our time together
is to help the mind find peace and
balance especially to help ourselves
cope with the uncertainty of our world
at this time let us begin today by
finding a comfortable seated position
you can sit on your bed against the wall
or on a comfortable cushion if you have
one let's begin by closing our eyes and
taking both our hands and placing them
upon our heart take a deep breath in and
listen to your own heart beating in your
chest
what each beat may it remind you of this
beautiful energy life prana that is
within you with each beat may take you
deeper within at this time into the
internal experience of your own being
take a deep breath in through your nose
no long exhalation out
allowing yourself to find this presence
comfort and grounding within you slowly
release your hands onto your lap let's
take the chin hand mudra where we place
the thumb and index finger together
allowing the palm of the hand to face
upward creating a seal of energy within
your body close your eyes and allow
yourself to go even deeper focusing your
awareness to the space between your
eyebrows your third eye
simply focus and notice if you begin to
see any shapes or colors or perhaps just
complete emptiness and blackness no
judgment here just simply observe
[Music]
breathing and let it go allow your body
to let go of any tension in your face
relaxing your forehead allowing your
eyes to feel heavy and clenching your
jaw complete relaxation of the face then
move this relaxation downward towards
your shoulders your arms and then down
towards your hips and your legs just let
it go
simply stay present noticing the
movement of your breath as you breathe
in and out
begin to notice any sensations in your
body feeling the coolness of the air
coming into your nostrils as you breathe
in and then the warmth of the air
leaving your nostrils as you breathe out
[Music]
notice if you begin to feel any tingling
sensations in your fingers or your toes
whatever you are experiencing right now
just simply notice it be the watcher of
the experience itself allow yourself to
find peace enjoy in this simple moment
of silence and disconnection you deserve
it
[Music]
this is a time where it's very normal
for our minds to begin to want to cling
to something a specific thought a memory
a daydream or perhaps even fear or the
future it will go in many directions and
that's okay
simply remember to use your breath
whenever you feel yourself drifting away
from this present moment use your breath
to come back to yourself to this moment
right here right now wherever you are
take a deep breath in and a long and
soft exhale of breathing
exhale out in this moment it's okay to
realize that you may be feeling
uncertainty stress or anxiety in your
life but remember it is simply a
reaction to the circumstances around you
which is creating a future that has not
happened yet and won't necessarily
happen either even though we may not be
able to control what life brings our way
at this time what we do have control
over is how we react to the challenges
or any situations that are brought
forward to us so breathe in and in this
moment choose to let all that negative
energy go release it out of you
into the ground into the earth choose to
find peace enjoy in the simplicity of
this very moment simply being here with
yourself giving yourself permission to
feel to be to let go
breathe in and exhale out
[Music]
as you begin to take your deep breaths I
want you to see and visualize a
beautiful radiant white light around you
it can be crystal white or with a tint
of any color that comes to you see this
beautiful light of love entering your
body with each breath welcome this light
through the crown of your head and
downward into every fiber and cell of
your body visualize this radiant light
healing your body in all the ways that
you need healing at this moment making
you stronger grounded and healthy with
your exhalation begin to visualize this
darker gray murky color leaving your
body so inhale beautiful radiant white
light and exhale dark gray energy out of
your body create this beautiful
intention to let go of all that no
longer serves you and emotions
unnecessary thoughts exhale them out of
your body your mind and your inner being
inhale radiant light exhale all the
weight off your shoulders inhale next
sale
[Music]
now as we continue to go deeper and dive
further into our inner exploration let's
come back to that third eye chakra or
the center between your two eyebrows
notice how you feel right now don't let
your mind win the ego may get in the way
making you doubt yourself make you want
to stop but simply pay no attention to
that energy notice it be aware of it and
then take a breath and confirm to
yourself that you are in control of your
peace your happiness and your well-being
take another deep breath in exhale as
you let it go as you're allowing
yourself to go deeper let's introduce a
beautiful and powerful mantra that you
can repeat or come back to any time the
mind or ego begins to get in the way
repeating this mantra as many times as
you need and truly seeing it with
conviction and love to yourself
as I surrender to the uncertainty I am
in control I am safe and I am guided as
I surrender to the uncertainty I am in
control I am safe and I am guided
I am in control I am safe and I am
guided I am in control I am safe and I
am guided stay in this moment of
stillness and peace as you repeat this
mantra as many times as you need
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
it's time to release your mantra slowly
begin to bring awareness to your breath
inhaling and exhaling feeling any energy
within your body perhaps any tingling or
temperature sensations and your fingers
arms feet or toes feel your heart
beating connect to that rhythm within
you in this moment let's take this
opportunity to send our gratitude for
all that we have right now for your body
for your strength and for the
opportunity to be able to reconnect with
yourself take another deep breath in and
let it go as you move forward with your
day remember that no matter what
emotions are triggered by external
circumstances you are in control of how
you react to them do not let yourself be
consumed by any fears or negativity let
yourself always come back to the idea
that you can choose to find joy and
happiness no matter what life throws at
you finding joy in the simplicity of
life and being grateful for all that you
do have right now in this moment always
coming back to the idea that you are in
control of your state of mind you are
safe that you are guided by whatever
energy or force that leads you upon this
path in life may you be healthy may you
find peace within and may you be guided
by love
thank you so much for spending this
moment with me and our meditation
together I send you my love and all my
good energy to you
be strong be healthy be powerful namaste
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]