this meditation will provide you with
the tools needed to heal your anxiety
and overcome obsessive thinking a vital
step in your personal growth and ability
to function in a healthy manner in the
world so I invite you now to find a
comfortable position of your choice and
bring your attention to your breath and
simply allow your body and mind to relax
anxiety is the result of focusing on the
future and events that haven't happened
yet and may never actually take place
the worry and obsessive thoughts
associated with this type of anxiety can
be debilitating and cause you to be
stuck in a cycle of negativity and fear
of what's to come and anticipation of
disastrous events when you become aware
of anxiety and obsessive thinking you
can change the pattern of behavior and
thinking and eventually overcome this
type of anxiety so allow yourself to
relax and experience the sense of peace
around you this is your time to relax
and release any recurring thoughts any
worry and anxiety about what could
happen
focus on your breath and if you haven't
already done so close your eyes and in
your mind's eye see the tip of your nose
[Music]
be present with me right now allow
thoughts to pass and focus only on the
here and now there is nothing to be
afraid of right now no stress nothing to
worry about
or be concerned with right now it's just
you and me and peace and tranquility now
soon you'll be asked to explore your
obsessions with me your anxiety will be
completely controlled and you will think
about the anxiety not the obsession just
allow any doubts or thoughts that may
still be racing through your head to
path you may have performed your rituals
before this meditation session allowing
any thoughts or doubts to stop racing
and flow right now
stay with the breath and if you start to
experience any anxiety take a deep
breath filling the lungs and allow
yourself to remain calm and in the
here-and-now exhaling when you're ready
now your body is relaxed and your mind
is calm thoughts are slowing down and
you're noticing longer gaps in between
each thought you are safe here with me
the environment is controlled your
breathing nice and deeply staying calm
and feeling in control
I'd like you to participate in the
following exercise with me think about
how you feel when you're consumed with
anxiety about your obsession take a
moment and allow the feelings to rise
knowing you are safe and protected I
understand that you feel stressed and
anxious right well that's okay
that's right it's okay to feel anxious
in fact it's quite normal anxiety is a
normal sensation whenever we are
stressed or concerned I would like you
to remember that whenever you feel
anxious again whenever you feel yourself
dwelling on small details and becoming
increasingly anxious you will tell
yourself that it's okay to feel this way
and it will soon pass
[Music]
that's right these feelings will soon
pass now picture yourself tomorrow
you become engaged in your usual pattern
of obsessive thoughts and feeling
anxious you begin to have recurrent
persistent obsessive thoughts maybe you
feel like you have touched something
that's contaminated and you feel the
urge to clean yourself several times or
maybe you're unsure whether you locked
your door or perhaps you feel the urge
to obsessively count or arrange things
in a certain way whatever it is that
your thoughts are obsessing over you do
not perform the ritual see yourself
having obsessive thoughts but remaining
in the same place and not doing the
ritual for whatever reason
[Music]
if you become consumed by the thoughts
of not locking your door or not turning
off a light you check on it once at this
point you tell yourself that the door is
locked or the light is off you feel a
sense of confidence rush over you you
now have no doubts about the door or the
light
[Music]
and later was the few minutes or hours
later if you feel any doubt starting to
creep back into your head you deal with
the stress and anxiety by taking a deep
breath feeling calmer on every exhale
[Music]
just practice now take a deep breath in
seeing the tip of your nose as you
inhale and fill your lungs noticing the
calm returning to you now as you exhale
deeply and slowly repeat another two
times or until you know you will be calm
[Music]
you get through this hard time you do
not perform the ritual you are choosing
to remain calm instead of resisting the
obsessive thoughts you can do it
[Music]
now imagine yourself two months from now
you are still doing a good job observing
and allowing your obsessive thoughts and
compulsions to pass but you may still be
having some anxiety in other areas if
this is the case use the breathing
technique once again and choose to allow
the thoughts and compulsions to pass
without taking any action or performing
any rituals you will continue to work on
allowing your anxious obsessive thoughts
to pass through your mind and body
please know that some thoughts take
longer to pass than others be patient
and allow the time needed until once
again you feel calm
[Music]
you want to have complete control over
these thoughts and you do you begin to
realize that you have the power over
your mind not the other way around you
begin to feel more confident and sure of
yourself as each day goes by you are so
excited at the prospect of being free of
obsessive thoughts you know that anxiety
is a part of life and you will feel
anxiety
whenever you worry about the future and
what's next but whenever the thoughts
begin to be obsessive you take control
and breathe deeply allowing the initial
thoughts and worries to pass bringing
yourself back to the present moment
[Music]
now picture yourself free of all
obsessive thoughts and anxiety living an
obsessive thoughts and anxiety free life
you may tell yourself to be present tell
yourself that you'll deal with it when
the time comes tell yourself that you're
responsible and always remember to turn
things off when you're supposed to you
are able to enjoy the world around you
you are happy and full of energy you are
in control of your thoughts and actions
and you are free to take on the world
whenever your thoughts do become
obsessive and you feel you cannot let
them pass just listen to this meditation
allowing you to feel the immediate
release trust me and trust your inner
being that this is your new way of life
[Music]
to manage your patterns of thinking by
seeking ways to be present and allow the
morrow to take care of itself by
listening to this meditation and
allowing yourself to enjoy the freedom
of overcoming anxiety and obsessive
thinking you can finally experience
freedom from any worry or concern and in
this moment you embrace the opportunity
to be free of all anxiety and in your
own time once you're feeling ready you
may take a deep breath and release
yourself from this meditation by
stretching perhaps your name and opening
your eyes to return to your day namaste
[Music]