welcome to this ten
minute grounding meditation for
balancing your energy sometimes you may
find yourself lacking energy
experiencing anxiety or perhaps feeling
Spacey with a distracted energy using
this grounding meditation will help
balance your energy you can use this
technique to increase your energy if
it's low or to release excess energy
grounding is a simple yet effective tool
to build a connection to the Earth's
energy it can also help you to release
other people's energy you may be holding
on to any pain you may have or any other
energy that is not serving you in a
positive way
take a moment now to make yourself
comfortable in any way you need this
meditation is most effective when your
spine is upright either sitting or
standing you can sit in a chair with
your legs uncrossed and your feet on the
floor so that you can allow the energy
to flow freely resting your hands
effortlessly on your lap with your palms
facing up or this can be done standing
perhaps with bare feet directly in
contact with the earth close your eyes
now and focus on your breathing without
making any changes to your breath simply
bring your awareness to its natural
rhythm
perhaps notice the tempo and the depth
of your breath feel your abdomen and
chest expand as you breathe in and then
relax as you breathe out
as you continue to attend to your breath
invite a sensation of relaxation to wash
over your entire body focus on
effortlessly releasing any tension that
you may be holding on to simply allow it
to flow out of your body with each
breath notice the world going on around
you as you deepen your sensation of
relaxation
the sounds around you and the thoughts
coming and going in your head can be
your teacher because you cannot always
guarantee complete silence it is
important to practice relaxation in
spite of the sounds around you practice
the art of not being distracted when you
are in meditation allowing these sounds
and thoughts to pass by without
following them into a long story
continue to be mindful of your breath
for a few more moments noticing when it
becomes rhythmic and effortless
now that you are relaxed begin to
imagine a magnificent light radiating
down from above through the top of your
head visualize the color of the light
any color that comes to mind is fine
this light feels warm and safe now
imagine this light flowing into your
body together with a light that is
already inside of you is a light that
feels complete this light gives you the
sense that it is healing you and it is
balancing your energy levels now invite
this warm light to become larger see it
as it expands throughout your entire
body
you
building and growing stronger and fuller
this realizes light moving through the
center channel of your body from the
very top of your head all the way down
to the base of the spine and then even
down into your feet
see this light as it expands outside of
your body as well
connecting your energy to all that is
around you the energy of the earth and
all other beings
this light relaxes you and releases any
tension pain or negativity from your
mind and body
as this light slowly flows through your
body it moves easily and comfortably
opening up the energy channel this light
builds energy where it is lacking and
moves energy where there is excess feel
as this light reaches the base of your
tailbone you may sense that your energy
centers are clear and balanced see the
growing light move through you and move
from the base of your spine all the way
to your feet it is a gentle yet powerful
light
as this light builds and moves down to
your feet it flows through the soles of
your feet and into the earth visualize
this light energy growing down into the
earth like a system of tree roots going
deep and wide
feel your roots go through the surface
below your feet then continue down
further into the rich dark soil of the
earth breathe and allow your roots to
penetrate the deepest part of the
Earth's inner core
feel how grounded and connected you are
continue to see and feel this root
system build and grow as deep and wide
as you need to feel grounded and
connected to the Earth's energy and now
allow this root system to carry away any
negative energy out of your body now you
can let go of any excess energy that may
be causing unease let go of energy of
others let go of any pain or heartache
new or deep embedded let it all go
take another moment to release excess
energy into the earth until your body
feels grounded and now take a deep
breath in and when you are ready begin
drawing your energy back into your body
leaving what you don't need at the base
of your root system pull up the energy
you do need from the Earth's center so
that you can be in balance see this
energy rise up from the Earth's core
through your root system from deep and
wide bring up the energy slowly with
each breath until it reaches the base of
your spine with each breath draw up the
power of grounding peace and love bring
up any other energy you need at this
time
invite this energy into your body to
flow freely throughout your entire body
and when you are ready open your eyes
and sense how good your body feels how
grounded and centered you are with
balance energy levels