hello and welcome to inspired
meditations this guided meditation is
called embrace a growth and success
mindset 95% of our thoughts are
repetitive if that's any indication of
how we live our lives we repeat a lot
day in and day out the problem with this
is we begin to settle into a groove
without growth and to be successful to
achieve your goals you need to do
something you haven't done before and
think in a way you haven't thought
before most people remain stuck in the
same old patterns and limited beliefs
and thoughts rendering them the same old
results and lack of growth their goals
have changed but their mindset has not
and they repeat the same day even a tree
planted firmly in the ground finds a way
to grow it grows up and toward the sky
your thoughts and beliefs impact your
reality if you're currently operating on
a fixed mindset old thoughts or you've
hit too many dead ends you may think is
is it or be convinced this is it please
give this guy to meditation to listen
don't settle for what you already have
and nothing more when you are desiring
so much more aren't you the least bit
curious about what you are capable of
new growth and successful thought
patterns are something you can achieve
with this guided meditation if you are
ready and I believe you are let's begin
settle yourself into your seat like
you've never settled before
go ahead let loose what have you got to
lose
give yourself permission to relax you
can say to yourself permission to relax
permission granted permission to slump
over restfully like a sleeping dog or
napping cat you will be relaxing and
learning here and relaxing while you
learn learning things for your benefit
your growth your personal success just
get really nice and comfortable
committed to this process you are
preparing to alter or enhance your
current mindset in your favor instead of
forcing it like you may be accustomed to
by willpower or waiting on motivation
you will settle into it easily naturally
and almost effortlessly like easing into
relaxation now no need to force it
relaxation happens differently for
everyone often the mind or the body
resists pulling back just a little or a
lot
this resisting is a silly habit you can
feel free to let go of at any time
because what you really crave
his deep relaxation
whether you resist with a tense body or
busy mind let me assure you it is
natural it's better to release the urge
to control the resisting than to push
back do not resist the resisting let it
go
let nature take his course and let
relaxation find your body ultimately
either your mind or your body will
release it first
releasing the effort it takes just to
relax instead it will resist the effort
it takes to resist and simply give in to
the feeling of complete and comfortable
relaxation the kind of relaxation that
soothes your mind and your body
you may be wondering how much easier
would be to just relax nestled in your
protective corner of your mind
wherever relaxation occurs for you
loosen up your neck and shoulders wiggle
or slouch into your seat
[Music]
now is a good time to take a deep breath
in and exhale releasing tension release
whatever it is you're holding on to feel
yourself relax deeper on the exhales
another nice deep breath in through your
nose and exhale releasing relaxing
deeper into relaxation settling deeper
into your seat
checking whether your mind or your body
feels more relaxed right now is your
mind settling into the background or
your body releasing tightness whichever
it is see if you can notice it now and
make a mental note of it body relaxed
mind relaxed any and all relaxation is
progress as you achieve a state of peace
[Music]
take one more deep breath in through
your nose really enjoying the process
like a vacation and exhale let the
tension deflate out of your shoulders
your back your hips all the way down to
your legs relaxation cascading down
through your entire body washing over
you soothing and effortless
your breathing becomes regular and easy
finding a natural rhythm for you gently
closing your eyes if you haven't already
quieting the mind pleasantly distracted
with a simple game of counting backwards
starting with 100 down to 99 imagine the
numbers in your mind as you count down
98 97 96
down to 90 watching the numbers go down
drifting down into deep relaxation still
counting
[Music]
down further still
counting your way backwards and to
relaxation
and soon you spend less effort on
counting and simply watch the numbers
drift on and on and you can lose track
of them if you like now at this point
accomplishing just the right amount of
relaxation for you releasing the numbers
let go of any efforts now while you take
this time to relax and learn in a
special way for your growth your
personal success and to see farther
beyond what you have ever seen before
listen carefully and diligently now that
you are relaxed in your own way I can
let you into a sacred space of growth
one that will contribute to your
personal success you can almost feel it
now
relaxed in mind and body you can let
these learnings soak into you flow into
your inner knowing listen now to this
universal truth people grow evidence
shows all people can purposely change
and grow throughout their lifetime
leading to positive effects both
physically and mentally you can grow the
hand you were dealt is just a starting
point for development I wonder if you
know you can grow through mistakes and
setbacks too that's called learning and
the more you learn the more you can do
and the more knowledge you take with you
to apply to your future success you can
grow because you recognize your
accomplishments maybe some you haven't
noticed before you grow because you feel
moved by possibilities ignoring what you
think is impossible you can say I'm
exploring this and just trying things
out you have a GPS navigation pointing
you towards something good at all times
like an inner compass
you can now see golden opportunities
thanks to your focused growth mindset
that you continually develop and expand
unexpected events and happenstance leads
to new opportunities you now recognize
those opportunities considering changes
you've always wanted to make they show
up as a reality in your mind now the
seed is planted for things to be set in
motion learning from your difficulties
every success story is sprinkled with
difficulties learning in this meditation
so that you can apply it to your life
learning from the process of growth in
order to grow your personal success
discovering and focusing on your
definition of success regardless of
external influences learn and never
forget or take for granted the lessons
they are valuable beyond measurement
this is your recipe for growth and now I
want you to see what growth looks like
open your mind up to your imagination I
want you to see growth to see it
presented to you through five doors just
ahead of you imagine what those five
doors look like you scope them out
before approaching
perhaps they are monotone and unassuming
or colorful and eye-catching are they
made of wood or metal or any other door
material notice all these doors appear
to be closed from a distance but as you
come closer step by step you experience
an open minded attitude open to
possibilities open to good changes open
to learning a special invitation awaits
you from behind each door you ask
yourself which of these doors looks the
most open to me what more do I want to
experience open any door and investigate
any number of opportunities waiting for
you keep this in mind you have infinite
possibilities for growth in your life
you have infinite ways of achieving your
personal definition of success
you may not continue to seek out what
every door offers you develop the
knowing and intuition to leave a door
behind when it no longer serves you
there are plenty of opportunities
limitless invitations to grow begin to
open doors in your own life step by step
day by day you open yourself up to new
ways of thinking and expanding your gaze
beyond what is just in front of you
there are always doors for you to open
opportunities up ahead some doors will
be there for you to learn others there
to encourage you and even others will
direct you somewhere else better suited
for you and your goals
you are open to opening the doors open
to opportunities and growth that is
rewarding open to possibilities open to
learning developing yourself in your
life day by day finding your way to your
personal success noting that even your
most basic abilities can be developed
with dedication you discover something
new about yourself each week and often
that you can apply to your goals you
learn something each week and often you
are committed to your new view of growth
your growth and success mindset it is
stronger than ever convinced and
confident creating an atmosphere of
learning and accomplishment opening up
spaces in your life for more love more
money good health natural well-being and
learning of course you create new goals
and add another page to your personal
success story you design a roadmap and
story that has your signature on it
uniquely you your own personal version
of success one that is becoming crystal
clear the more doors you open
the more opportunities you see you are
capable of achieving and embracing the
mindset that preps you for success
smarter committed decisive innovative
confident you build yourself better than
before you build it on top of past
mistakes past learnings you build a
vision that fuels your growth and
success you take this mindset with you
wherever you go your true potential is
unknown you discover how it unfolds and
even surprises you each day each week
and often you are springboard for growth
and stretching your existing abilities
farther a growth mindset grows with you
as long as you are growing and you are
dedicated to growing you can change and
grow as you apply meaning and dedication
to the areas you wish to develop success
to you takes on its own meaning and
definition and significance for you
when you enter now into your new and
improved growth and success mind it's
like entering into a new world learning
is a good thing growing is natural
relaxing reflection like in meditation
becomes your navigation tool of choice
seeking input and feedback and
opportunities is a rewarding part of
your success continue along the path
enjoying the process most get curious
about what works for you and what
doesn't
imagine yourself moving into a new space
a bigger space so that you have room to
grow you can spread out and learn you
can unpack possibilities open up a few
windows and let the light in feeling
especially uplifted from this relaxing
and important talk we had I'd like you
to become more aware of the surroundings
in the room connecting your new mindset
and mental well-being with your body
first how it feels to be open to
opportunity stretching and lengthen your
body relaxing flexible and your growth
mindset
now becoming alert to the knowledge and
enlightenment your mind has received
from your learnings here discovering how
you will apply it to your life as soon
as possible eager to experience
meaningful growth in your life and apply
it to your personal success
fully awake to your surroundings
snapping out of a daydream feeling the
air temperature in the room feeling good
as always thank you for joining me if
you'd like to receive more information
on how meditation can benefit your life
please sign up on my website to receive
email alerts
ww inspired meditations calm peace and
be well
