hi and welcome to a brain boost here
from ezel this is a special brain boost
that's designed to be a mantra or guided
meditation that you can come back to
anytime you're feeling especially
challenged at work and you need to
cultivate a growth mindset in the face
of those challenges
positive change is the result of working
through the challenges before me flowers
are nature's response for plants that
needed to attract pollinators leaves
were nature's response for plants that
needed more energy the challenges that I
face are a natural part of life and like
a beautiful garden my mind will grow
from facing the challenges before me
when I'm stretching my abilities I
expect to make some mistakes so when
these mistakes come I'm going to react
by taking a new approach by taking a
smaller step towards solving the problem
or when the stakes are especially high
I'm going to use small experiments to
test my ideas before I put them into
broader action each time that I try
something new I'm planting a seed in the
garden of my mind in like a garden my
mind grows from each new challenge that
I face courage and bravery in the face
of my challenges are the fertilizer for
the garden of my mind the belief that I
will never be able to do something is
the ugly weed in the garden of my mind
and I'm removing these weeds by smiling
in the face of new challenges the garden
of my mind is beautiful and ever-growing
come back to this video whenever you
need it and for a new brain boost every
week here on the easel YouTube channel

English (auto-generated)






