you
welcome to this guided meditation
focusing on being open to change for
growth and uncovering your values find a
position you can be comfortable in turn
off all distractions and settle in for
the next 20 minutes or so close your
eyes and begin to bring your awareness
to your breath without changing your
breath without any judgments or
expectations of what it should or
shouldn't be
notice how your breath flows in through
your nose
and fills up your body with life
as it flows out each exhale takes with
it any physical and emotional tension
as if that tension just melts away from
your body to be gone forever
as you may still have thoughts going
through your mind notice them from afar
as if you are an observer then allow the
thoughts to pass by
you can say in your mind thinking
and allow that thought to move on
and return your attention to your breath
and to the sound of my voice as your
guide on this journey of relaxation and
discovery
now as you begin to deepen each breath
in and out
notice the stillness that comes between
each inhale and exhale as your breath
deepens focus your attention on the
stillness between the breaths
take another deep slow breath in making
your deepest breath yet
fill your lungs completely
and then release the breath through your
mouth like a sigh
empty your lungs completely and feel all
the tension in your body loosen then
inviting your breath to return to a
natural rhythm
allow each breath to deepen your level
of relaxation give yourself permission
to be fully supported by the surface
below you
to turn off all distractions and to be
open to the possibilities of what comes
with a state of comfort
as you move deeper into this meditation
approach it with the intention of
letting go of expectations letting go of
comparisons and just discover what comes
up without any judgement and now turn
your attention to the top of your head
and imagine there is a warm light
surrounding you and protecting you
visualize this light see the lights
color see the glowing nature of the soft
warm light and as this light passes over
your body it progressively relaxes you
and releases each muscle small and large
from your head all the way down to your
toes
so you begin to feel your forehead
soften and smooth your eyebrows and eyes
melt
the tiny muscles around your eyes
release
you feel your eyelids becoming very
heavy
your cheeks lengthen down on the sides
of your face
you part your teeth unclench your jaw
and relax your tongue
you feel your throat softening
and as the muscles around your eyes let
go and the jaw releases the rest of the
body knows what to do and will respond
by letting go of any held tension as
well
you see and feel the warm glowing light
moving downwards continuing this
progressive relaxation like a wave
washing over you
feel the tension melting out of your
shoulders moving down your arms
so that the tension flows out of your
body through your fingertips feel how
each part of your body becomes heavy and
connected to the Earth's energy as you
allow it to let go this connection of
energy will support you on your journey
of self-discovery today with each breath
your chest and abdomen begin to feel
heavy and you are fully supported by
your surroundings and protected by this
glowing calming light as it continues
the relaxation process
and notice how deep and calm your breath
has become as you continue to relax
deeper and deeper this light continues
to move down your body releasing the
tension from your lower back and hips
your thighs and pelvis feel very heavy
and sink down into the surface below you
your knee is softened and your calves
melt
as your body continues to rest heavy
your ankles and feet let go of any
remaining tension that your body may
still feel
to be completely relaxed safe and
supported
now take one more moment to scan your
body for any residual tightness pain or
tension and then breathe into that area
so that you can completely let go and
surrender to the heaviness of gravity
and now your whole body is heavy on the
earth strongly connected and rooted into
the Earth's energy we are all connected
in this world every living thing there
are no gaps between us we are exchanging
molecules with each other constantly
with the animals with the trees with the
water we are one collective field of
energy now that you are deeply relaxed
begin to use your imagination and
visualize yourself outside on a wooded
trail take in your surroundings with all
of your senses
you can see the gentle rays of sunshine
coming through the branches of the trees
Sun castle gentle warmth on your skin
and you feel that the temperature is
perfect for you the air feels pure and
smells fresh and clean
notice how your feet feel on the path
and how the surface below feels in
contact with your feet
look at your surroundings and take in
all the sights of nature it is peaceful
and quiet on this wooded trail and you
can feel your body remain in its calm
and relaxed state feeling very safe you
begin to walk along the trail and your
attention is drawn to a small lake on
one side of the path in the distance
although the water is calm you can hear
the noise the water makes as it moves
with the breeze
you feel yourself walking in the
direction of the water slowly moving
step by step
you get to the sloping bank of the water
and look out at the sparkling
reflections of the trees and the Sun on
the glassy water
standing on the bank of the lake you
root your feet down and feel the Earth's
energy come up through your body taking
in this energy into your body it grounds
you and centers you you feel this energy
all the way up to your head and all
around you protecting you and supporting
you you feel the Earth's energy in your
heart and your soul this energy relaxes
you even more deeply it is supportive
and enjoyable to feel and connect to the
Earth's energy this energy is pure love
now imagine your feet are growing roots
down into the earth
they are powerful holding you firm and
strong see these roots growing down into
the earth growing down deep into the
soil to support you through the
strongest winds the most challenging
times now that you are grounded and
connected to the collective energy
around you take in this loving energy
bring it in word begin to connect to
your heart explore what you are feeling
in this moment if you have thoughts that
are coming to a mind acknowledge them
and allow them to pass like clouds in
the sky and keep coming back to the
feelings in your body simply feel the
sensations that arise for you
the connection that you made with the
Earth's energy is grounding and your
strong roots will you support you on
your journey of discovery and growth in
your mind continue walking along the
wooded trail as you begin to explore the
idea of your values and with each step
you will find that you are becoming more
and more relaxed allow your mind to
wander and be imaginative
you are aware of your thoughts and you
know you have the ability to change from
a negative thought to a positive one
just by being aware you know all it
takes is a thought to make a change you
change your life the moment you decide
to change you choose to live life how
you choose to live life you know that
you are not the sum of your
circumstances you are the sum of your
choices so you choose to live in
alignment with what is truly important
to you now begin to imagine if you could
not fail what would your ideal self look
like
see the image of yourself in vivid
detail there are no financial or time
restraints and nothing is getting in
your way
what would your most desirable goals and
dreams be this can be how you would like
to live how you would like to show up in
this world how you would like to feel or
what you would like to accomplish and
most importantly how will you feel when
these goals and dreams are your reality
what feelings are important to you to
have in your life what emotions do you
want to cultivate more of in your life
in this ideal life what are the personal
values that you live by and that guide
your decisions
you
what and who is most important to you
what would it look like for you to give
more value by doing what you love in the
world around you and how will that feel
draw those feelings up to the surface
for you now
while you may not know your future
clearly your values and visions are
coming to the surface and are becoming
more concrete now that you have a clear
image of what you really want you know
you are moving towards this vision this
ideal self this ideal version of you you
know what to do to live in alignment
with what you really want when there is
a choice to make
you can see it clearly you have an
anchor to lean on this image of your
ideal life this is what you really want
it is easy to get off track when you do
not define what you want in your life
but now you know now you can see it you
can even feel it
it is happening and you know you are on
the right track you are growing towards
your ideal self right now whenever you
have a choice you find it as easy to say
to yourself this is how I live my life
this is an alignment with what I truly
want and what is important to me as your
goals dreams and values begin to unfold
in your mind you feel a building sense
of increased motivation and purpose
arising inside you you begin to realize
that to change anything that change must
begin with you and you are ready to take
action toward your ideal life you have
planted the seeds for your future
consider again how will you feel when
these goals and dreams are your reality
and now that you have your sights set
for the future realize that you are a
confident person and you believe in your
abilities you accomplish your goals
and you are grateful for your successes
your thoughts are positive and give you
the confidence to grow and reach your
goals this confidence keeps you
motivated and willing to move out of
your comfort zone you are focused yet
open to possibilities of positive
experiences with the clarity of your
values your path has been illuminated
for you opportunities present themselves
often and you are prepared for anything
that comes your way in your mind your
thoughts are positive and you know you
have the choice to live the life that
you want in your mind consider the
choices you have and repeat these
phrases after me I choose to love deeply
I choose to breathe deeply
I choose to laugh and feel joy I choose
to live with passion
I choose to be courageous
I choose to live with my whole heart
I choose abundance in all aspects of my
life I choose an authentic life
I choose to be patient on this journey
to change and growth
take one more moment and consider how
you choose to live your life and now let
go of any negative thoughts that no
longer serve you see your limiting
beliefs and behaviors disappear
self-doubt and fear are things of the
past and you replace them with
confidence and conviction you trust your
instincts and your abilities you know
there is no failure only opportunities
to learn and grow here today you have
planted the seeds for your ideal life
you are confident and positive and
taking action in the right direction to
successfully reach your goals you are
open to the possibilities as they unfold
and you are committed to living in
alignment with your personal values now
bring your attention back to the wooded
trail and your peaceful surroundings in
your mind see yourself smiling I'm
basking in the Sun with a positive and
competent outlook feeling proud and
grateful
feeling the emotions you will have when
you reach your goals you begin to walk
away from the water feeling confident
knowing that you can and will succeed
and when you awake you will still feel
this way and now bring your awareness
back to the present moment back to your
physical body to the surface below you
you are feeling relaxed yet energized
and confident your mind is clear you are
committed to living in alignment with
your values you believe in yourself and
you are motivated to grow towards your
ideal self begin to bring some gentle
movements to your fingers and toes
feeling a warm rush of energy flow over
you and now you're fully in the present
moment feeling energized take a deep
breath and when you are ready open your
eyes thank you for listening I hope you
have a wonderful day
you
