welcome back to your daily mini
meditation today we're going to be
meditating on the concept of in
perfection both in ourselves and our
lives and in the world all around us to
get started going to sit in a
comfortable position make sure you're in
a place that you know you're not going
to be disturbed for the next few minutes
I'm gonna be sitting up nice and tall if
you're able to do so in a seat without a
backrest so that you are under your own
strength to hold yourself up you can
have your feet flat on the floor or
cross in front of you and your hands
resting gently on your lap or your legs
just are you're going to allow your
attention your gaze to be soft directly
in front of you
you're not taking in anything in
particular you're not judging your
surroundings or allowing yourself and
your consciousness to become part of the
environment now allow your attention to
come into your breath
your attention and your breath become a
single thing you'll feel your body begin
to relax muscles in your face neck and
shoulders your torso your hips and legs
and feet all beginning to soften and to
relax
now in the quiet of your mind want you
to call to attention an area of
imperfection something that is external
to you this could be something in
society the environment other people
anything that is imperfect these things
of imperfection surround us and is
precisely in the imperfection that we
find connection to them we are imperfect
and as we often look for and dwell upon
the imperfections of what surrounds us
the things in the world we find the same
reflected in ourselves we treat those
imperfections externally with the same
hostility that we find in our
perfections internally
each of these imperfections are
opportunities for growth and for change
and for improvement we can improve the
world and we can improve ourselves but
we must first lay down our weapons of
hostility that we use on ourselves and
our own imperfections that is the only
way that we will be able to confront the
imperfections of the world in an
effective manner
we accept our own imperfections without
hostility and without judgment we
understand that we are able to improve
we understand that we are able to change
and that we can do the same for those
around us only after we've done so
within ourselves
I'll bring your attention back to your
body and back to your breath allow your
attention to surface in the sensations
of your body and in your own time go
ahead and open your eyes take note of
the improvs connection that you have
both with yourself and those around you
we are surrounded and filled with
imperfection these are all opportunities
for grace and love and improvement and
that's the role that we can play great
work today I'll see you back here
tomorrow

