begin by sitting in a comfortable
position make sure you are in a place
where you will not be interrupted let
your spine grow tall and straight
roll your shoulders back slightly to
open up your heart place your palms in
your lap facing upwards
and whenever you're ready lovingly close
your eyes
begin by allowing all of your awareness
to center in on your breath without
judging it or trying to change it for
now just notice it paying attention to
how it feels as it enters and exits your
body becoming curious about what muscles
you are engaging as you breathe
extending your awareness you noticing
the feeling of gravity on your body
using this awareness to drop into your
body in this present moment and now on
your next inhale allow your stomach to
expand fully as you breathe in deeply
rib cage expands and you hold your
breath at the top and as it feels right
to you exhale with a sigh at the bottom
of this breath and just return to
breathing at a pace that's comfortable
for you
stomach expanding as you breathe in and
contracting as you breathe out
throughout the course of this meditation
you begin to see yourself standing on a
trail before you the trail splits into
five different pathways going from left
to right we will number the trails as
one through five
trail one on your left shows you the
version of you in the future that is as
if you just stayed exactly the same as
you are now you see that version of you
smiling and waving at you much yourself
become aware of that version this should
be easy to do as they are exactly as you
are right now you may even see them in
the clothes you are wearing in this very
moment
[Music]
regardless of how much you desire change
much yourself lovingly wave back at them
feeling grateful that they are here
[Music]
appreciating where you are right now and
with that appreciation you allow your
awareness to turn to Path number two
here you see a version of yourself who
has made one small alteration to their
life what is this small change that they
made perhaps it's a tiny change you've
been thinking of doing
[Music]
how does this change affect their life
[Music]
how does it affect their appearance
their personality or the successes that
they have let yourself see this version
of you clearly see them smiling and
waving at you as you smile and wave back
and now on path green the middle path
the one directly before you you see a
version of you who has made several
small changes nothing too big but enough
to make a difference on their life what
do they look like what changes have they
made
[Music]
perhaps they've achieved goals that
you've had in mind for a long time see
them smiling and waving at you as you
smile and wave back and now on the
fourth path you see the version of you
that has reached the goals and dreams
you currently have notice how they feel
and look it's as if you can sense the
emotions but they are feeling the
accomplishments they've achieved notice
how that feels within you see them
smiling and waving at you as you smile
and wave back
[Music]
and now as you turn your awareness to
the right to path number five you see
the version of you that's gone way above
and beyond all the changes all the goals
that you had in mind their success is
way beyond anything you had yet imagined
take a moment to see what that looks
like what have they done what is their
appearance like
tune into how they feel and let yourself
feel their emotions they smile and wave
at you as you smile and wave back and as
you look at all five of these versions
of you while smiling and waving you know
in your heart which path you desire to
follow and you happily walk down the
path towards the version of you you most
desire to be right now see yourself
standing before this version of you and
as soon as you are face to face all the
other paths just melt away it's just you
and this desired version of you the
person you most want to be look into
their eyes
[Music]
allow your heart to connect to their
heart
[Music]
tune into a confidence in their eyes
there's a confidence and a wisdom of
knowing who they are tune into your
heart as it connects to theirs feel how
it feels to be them what accomplishments
have they achieved
what material objects do they have how
fulfilled are they in love
and their financial life
[Music]
and in terms of their physical health
feel all of these aspects and imagine
your body merging with theirs becoming
who they are aligning fully with this
desired version of yourself
if this is what you desire yourself to
be this is who you truly are take a deep
breath into the snowing let your stomach
fully expand and hold your breath at the
top let the feeling of being this
version of you build within Europe and
as it feels right to you exhale with a
sigh
this is your birthright everywhere you
go throughout the rest of the day remind
yourself of this feeling feeling
yourself aligned with the truest version
of you your most desired version of you
who you truly are and who you truly want
to be and take this feeling with you
everywhere you go as you slowly bring
your awareness back to the room around
you opening your eyes whenever you are
ready
[Music]
you

English (auto-generated)






