welcome to level one of project yourself
get ready to start tapping into an
ancient technology that will enable you
to unlock the powers within your
innermost self power that you never knew
even existed remember keep that mind of
yours completely wide open so we can
hack the confines of your current
reality because only then can you
reinvent it we're going to start out
level one with the guided meditation now
before you think it's gonna be a
meditation about weird things and all
that now let's be realistic
it's actually just going to guide you to
get you into the right mindset so that
you can experience the complete level in
its fullness now we're going to call
these project forwards and the reason
why we're going to call these project
forwards is because it will quite
literally shift your mind and body
forward into everything you'll be
experiencing and embodying in the
current session let's get started
projecting forward start in a
comfortable seated position on the floor
this can differ for many people for some
it may be cross-legged for others who
may be kneeling and seated upon your
heels in either rest your hands at your
knees with your palms facing up for the
ability to receive and the reason why
we're going to have your palms facing up
is because it's been scientifically
proven that your palms actually contain
photons they can actually emit photons
and because your palms contain photons
that means it can receive light and it
can receive energy you can also send
energy from there we just have to learn
to tap into the energy that is within
our pumps so you want to choose your
setting wisely a clutter-free open area
where you feel your Creator
can shine through its optimal this can
be a certain room in your home or even
in nature such as a beach or a
mountaintop keep the Sri Yantra in front
of you laying it on a flat surface and
if you know what direction you're facing
try and face east now close your eyes
taking a deep breath
slowly let the breath enter your
nostrils touch the base of your throat
follow to your chest cavity and expand
at your belly then release deeply with
the same slow intention letting the
breath flow out of your body and
nostrils continue to let your breath
naturally flow in and out in this way
the journey you are about to embark on
is with your avatar and your soul
connection it's your connection to
source or God or the universe whatever
you want to call it it's your connection
this connection is your guide to allow
you to openly receive this level now
become aware of that guide see that
guide in living life
picture how he's she or it may look what
kind of features does he/she or it have
how magnificent is that creature you see
this avatar this guide is your higher
self it's the one that already knows
everything it's the one that knows all
the one that gives you all the security
you need to make the right decisions to
feel grounded now become aware of being
with that connection with that guide
with that avatar
now imagine yourself standing with them
and this time in a very special location
a location you feel at peace with it
could be anywhere in the world or
anywhere in the universe with any
weather and with any kind of scenery
this place is your sanctuary and this
place is 100% peaceful to you you and
your avatar are simply sitting in this
location in this peaceful place and so
as you sit there and become present to
this you realize that within this place
with your avatar resides your ability to
tap into infinite power and true
abundance picture that for a second
infinite power and true abundance your
ability to be grounded and to feel at
peace is right here right now now focus
your attention on where you are right
now be present be right here with my
voice in this current moment of your
physical body of your emotional self and
your spiritual energy breathe in with
awareness to allow for forgiveness
breathe out to radiate positivity
breathe in to fill yourself with
gratitude and breathe out to ultimately
let go of ego begin to send awareness to
the base of your spine all the way at
the bottom of your spine your root
chakra inhale deeply into your lower
belly hold the breath there and tightly
squeeze everything from your navel to
your sacrum keep squeezing for a few
counts now exhale and with the breath
held out repeat the squeezing and
holding for another few counts when you
release you may feel the energy rising
up from your spine towards the crown of
your head this chakra governs our
survival security passion money job and
everything at home now return back to
your natural breath in this first level
the Sri Yantra gives us the four portals
to the universe and the three rings that
represent mind intelligence and soul
this connection to soul will bring you
to the fulfillment of your deepest
desires it draws you to your sole
purpose it will bring you to a place a
true sanctuary within that feels more
beautiful than anywhere you have ever
been now take one last deep inhale
and as you fully exhale gently open your
eyes

