do not listen to this recording whilst
driving or whilst operating machinery
only listen when you can safely relax
and bring your full awareness to your
own complete comfort oh this is Michael
CLE welcoming you to this session this
is the second of two guided hypnosis
sessions which I have made for you to
enjoy listening along as often as you
choose and to assist you with a
development of your personal athletic
mindset this second session is intended
for best listening during those moments
of your rest and recovery sometime
during the same day after you have
performed your physical weightlifting
workout these positive suggestions will
allow both your body and your mind to
relax and renew rebuilding now from your
post training stimulation because you
can trust that you are about to
powerfully set all of your deeper Minds
intentions towards your physical
replenishment muscular growth and you're
continuing athletic success and now I
suggest that because this session will
help you to quietly relax and repair it
is not for those times when you want to
get up and move around generating energy
or activity those suggestions for muscle
stimulation and energy boosting are
given in the first companion recording
to this second obsession now
you begin close down your eyes just as
soon as you wish
and as you better relax and listen
carefully to my words my voice can go
with you as you will find that your
commitment to these positive self
suggestions will only compound and
continue within your subconscious
growing into your rest your recovery
your nightly sleep and Beyond and now
again bring your attention to your
breath by starting to notice those
slightly longer in-breath and the slower
relaxing out breaths as you breathe in
calmness and you breathe out all tension
and breathe in health and breathe out
everything that is not health calm
and easily relaxing now it's really so
simple to let yourself relax and go
deeper
just like descending a set of
comfortable stairs going further down
with each step three two and one going
deeper and deeper into the very basement
of your total relaxation now allowing
each and every part of you to let go and
relax as this time is the time for your
body to release and further let go this
time
is the opposite time of tension or
contraction as all lactic acid and that
remaining residue of your physical
muscular activity now simply flows out
and away from you because
time is about your body's moments of
repair and replenishment all of which
comes to you now with the internal flow
of positive soothing comfort and as all
of your muscles release just like a
handful of loose limp
elastic bands you know that the more
your muscles relax and release the
easier it is for all of those vital
nutrients to flow into those healthy
cells and the more you feel those
sensations of relaxation developing the
more you allow yourself to rest and
repair and easily going deeper and
deeper and deeper still and now
imagination you can find yourself in the
master control room of your own
physiology find yourself now in the very
central command of your body's
functioning however you would like to
imagine it and perhaps you might see a
large operations room just like a space
shuttle communications panel as you feel
the vibrations of power resonating
around you or you hear now those
reassuring sounds of your total health
and potential or perhaps for you it is
more of a natural and organic space just
like a warm cave covered with healthy
mosses and leaves as healthy crystal
water drips and echoes throughout these
nurturing surroundings it's really up to
you how to imagine your own bodies
master control room always knowing that
you have the power here to set your best
positive intentions and now as
you continue to rest and relax and
further imagine your athletic progress
you find that any negative aspects to
your previous strength and muscle growth
are now being eliminated
just like the release with every deeper
out-breath as that air flows out it
takes with it all of those old
limitations and negativity and with each
passing day you find yourself feeling
stronger fitter leaner and more and more
muscular because you are adopting your
own positive mindset and your own
powerful outlook
each day you experience a renewed sense
of energy vitality and strength because
you give now all of those commands
directly to your master controlls and
just by setting those directions you
find you look confident because you are
confident you feel strong because you
are strong in each and every way you are
taking the time to improve your workout
performances
always making sure to rest deeply when
you need to rest and to train with focus
and purpose when you choose next to
train
naturally
easily your entire system functions in
perfect balance and harmony and always
you sleep well and deeply at night so
that your body and your mind reflect
your healthy outlook and because you
rest so easily you find yourself
rejuvenating after each training session
always you are growing in more and more
powerful healthier positive ways because
you know that your true muscle growth
occurs when your body is deeply here at
rest and because you eat healthily you
choose to fuel your body well so that
all of your cells your nerves your
muscles and deep fibers are all
naturally renewed and they repair
themselves automatically and when it is
time for your weight workout to end you
find that you take just a few moments
immediately after to remember to really
visualize your muscles best recovery and
just by
enjoying listening to this recording you
are now planting the seeds to rest and
relax and grow and I want you now to
imagine and see yourself in your
favorite recovery place really see
yourself there hearing all of the
relaxing soothing sounds around you and
feel all of those sensations of comfort
and support as you sit or lie down
feeling calm satisfied and content and
now imagine a point you're recovering
muscular body a series of soft hot wet
towels placed down over your recovering
muscles placed there by the very best
physical therapists in the world so that
those towels are placed down onto your
chest muscles and you now feel those
chest muscles release and relax as they
repair deeply and now
back muscles feeling those Pleasant
swelling sensations of growth beginning
to occur and now your shoulders as you
feel those towels placed down over all
three parts of those deltoid muscles and
now your arms as those towels cover your
biceps and triceps and your forearms and
now those towels are placed onto your
thighs those quadriceps and hamstrings
and /
pleasant tingling sensations of growth
simply happened now as those muscles
deeply repair and now your car's feeling
wonderfully good and now
particular muscle group that you may
choose you can imagine those towels
being placed down bringing those
sensations of warmth and comfort and
allowing yourself to feel that wave of
positive energy that is deeply anabolic
and now direct your diva mind to feel
all of those soothing healing sensations
as those warm towels bring improved
blood flow to each and every muscle in
recovery
credibly good to heal and repair in this
way because you can imagine your entire
physiology just like a giant transport
system so that all available blood with
oxygen and nutrients is now being sent
to your recovering parts and growth
hormone itself is now directly filling
those muscles because those soft heated
towels are bringing you increased
muscular growth and now as you take this
time to really enjoy this deep
relaxation imagine now that you can
easily step out into your future and
take yourself to some positive time
ahead of you and you can really see
yourself now with those increases in
muscular size that you have always
wanted and really notice how you stand
and notice how you move and feel
yourself looking and feeling exactly how
you wish your body to be because
feeling a great sense of pride and
pleasure in all of the positive work
that you have done for yourself
you are now healthier and fitter
stronger and happier in day-by-day
always you are powerfully confident in
your own choices and abilities all of
which you exert easily in unison with
your own athletic physical body
and your deeper mind now aligns in
perfect harmony with your physical body
so now ask once again and simply allow
that master control within you to
permanently turn on all of your natural
recovery hormones as you feel all of
your natural growth hormones all the way
down to the very deepest DNA within you
feel into each and every part of you
with your best health and improvement
always in positive and constructive ways
and so
you relax deeply if you are drifting off
to sleep at nighttime now or whenever
you choose to sleep and you can turn off
this recording here as you allow
yourself to drift and dream into a deep
sleep of absolute and total rest
whereupon you will awake in the morning
feeling energized and refreshed however
if you are needing to get up and
continue on with your day or evening
then just keep listening and so in a
moment I'm going to count upwards from
one to five and when I say five you can
open your eyes once again and return
back to full conscious waking reality
feeling refreshed and revitalized as if
you have had the most wonderful nap or
sleep so now one easily and gently
returning towards awareness and to each
muscle and nerve in your body is loose
and relaxed and three from head to toe
you're feeling perfect in every way for
your eyes begin to feel sparkling clear
as if they have been bathed in fresh
cool natural spring water and on the
next number I say you can open your eyes
fully feeling alert and relaxed and
positive and wonderful in each and every
way and our five eyelids wide open fully
aware taking in a good deep breath and
allowing yourself to stretch and fill
your lungs with positive healthy energy
and now reorient yourself fully to the
here and now taking with you all of the
powerful work you have just done and
enjoying your improved rest and recovery
talk to you soon

