[Music]
welcome thank you for making the
decision and taking the action to take
control of your life in your personal
academic performance this is dr. John
Chiu back I have traveled an
exceptionally long and rewarding path in
my personal academic experience I am an
expert on the subject of academic
success let me now share with you of
some of the most powerful tools and
secrets I have learned over the course
of many years of serious study if
applied regularly I am certain that you
will achieve many wonderful things in
your life through the practices and
habits I will share with you in this
audio exercise these concepts will
empower you to become anything in this
world that you would like to become I am
going to guide you through a deep
relaxation exercise which will help you
in your journey to become the best
possible student you can be if practiced
regularly this guided meditation will
help you to realize your full academic
potential now let's get started on our
path to the most successful academic you
find a comfortable chair to sit in
or a bed to recline on create a dimly
lit environment for yourself this is a
time for silent solitude there are to be
no distractions this is a time for
personal growth empowerment and
development please avoid bright
artificial light during this mental
journey the presence of natural sunlight
is perfectly fine
some people prefer during this exercise
lying in the grass on a sunny day
experiment and find the environment that
works best for you this may change from
session to session depending on where
you are and your mood there are no
mistakes that can be made in this
process no one is judging your
performance
no one is grading you do what works best
for you you may begin with your eyes
open or closed they may open or close
during the meditation
it's okay be relaxed do what comes
naturally to you let's begin by becoming
completely aware of our own physical
body we will begin at your toes be aware
of their presence but let them be
totally and completely relaxed visualize
each toe begin with your little toe and
move centrally one by one to the big toe
let them relax feel the tension of the
day flow out of your body through your
toes just relax now mentally move up
along the course of your body
acknowledging the resting position of
your feet we often carry stress in our
feet they serve to carry our bodies
through the physical world
let them simply relax completely and
totally now we continue to move upward
to our lower extremities the legs and
the thighs these are large muscle groups
that work hard throughout the day to
transport us give them a rest let them
sink into the chair of bed let go
release the muscles consciously unwind
feel the muscle fibres relaxing now
considering be aware of your buttocks
and pelvis we often hold stress here as
well relax
free yourself of the tension you Harbor
here let your pelvic floor relax and
release this is a wonderful feeling
proceed upward to your core the
abdominal region in the low back these
are areas we often work hard to
strengthen and tighten now is a time to
let them be loose and free of strain
take a slow deep breath in through your
nose for a count of four and exhale for
a count of four
repeat this rhythmic breathing four
times lowering your diaphragm with each
inhalation
filling the lungs fully with fresh
oxygenated air be quiet in this process
avoid excessive noise be at peace within
your own body as it is at the moment
care for your physical self embrace who
and how you are right now remember no
one is judging you please do not stand
in judgment of yourself take another
slow deep breath for a count of four
exhale for a count of four empty your
lungs fully on each exhalation ridding
your body of any air trapped at the
basis of your lungs
think of how cleansing this form of
breathing is simply take the time to
relax and breathe but stay in the moment
the intent here is not to fall asleep
the goal is to be living fully in the
moment in acceptance of your body and
yourself experience the joy in the
relaxation and self-acceptance if you do
fall asleep don't criticize yourself no
one is judging you this is not a test
this is a self-awareness exercise this
is a journey of personal development
stay clear and attentive but remain
stress-free and relaxed now let's move
superiorly to the chest and upper back
this again is a large muscle zone we
store tension here let everything
release and unwind take four more
cleansing breaths remember to breathe in
by lowering the diaphragm on a count of
four fill your ribcage gently expand as
you do this let your spine lengthen
gently and let go of all muscular
tension sinking to the surface you're
sitting or lying on
feel the gentle pull of the Earth's
gravity on your body feel the natural
relationship between yourself and the
reassuring force of nature this is a
powerful experience finally consider
your neck and your head
in our neck and face we store stress and
tension unclench your jaw relax your
tongue relax your eyes gently elongate
your neck without straining and let the
back of your head sink with its natural
weight into the pillow or cushion you
are completely awake but totally at
peace
you are completely in tune with yourself
now again for slow deep breaths in
through the nose and out through the
mouth you are very relaxed and
completely aware of your entire body
from head to toe this is a wonderfully
empowering feeling the knowledge of
yourself now that you're in a
beautifully peaceful state of mind let's
begin your journey to becoming the best
student you can possibly be let go of
all self-criticism
self deprecation is never helpful let's
leave that behavior behind you you will
never think that way about yourself
again from now on you will be your own
greatest fan from now on you will be
your own personal cheerleader you will
have complete self confidence that there
is nothing you cannot achieve
academically you can achieve anything
you can imagine in school imagine
yourself as an incredibly capable
student see yourself in your mind's eye
the way you would like to appear sitting
in class and walking down the hallway
imagine how people Revere you for your
intelligence knowledge and work ethic
you are a total winner tell yourself
school is a place where I feel
comfortable school is a place where I
succeed I love myself and I love my
school school and education will be the
chariot I ride to future success
remember that leaders are readers
leaders are readers leaders are readers
remind yourself that nothing hard is
ever easy
nothing hard is ever easy nothing hard
is ever easy don't wish and hope that
school work easier no that you will be
well prepared for every situation
tell yourself I am well prepared for
every situation in school I am well
prepared for every situation in school I
am well prepared for every situation in
school remind yourself of the simple
principles that lead to ultimate
academic achievement I am well rested
when I arrive at school
I am always early to school I am always
early to school I sleep at least 8 hours
every night I sleep well to rest my mind
I sleep well to rest my body I remember
the classic teaching early to bed and
early to rise makes a man healthy
wealthy and wise
tell yourself that he who will thrive
must rise at 5 he who has the ribbon may
rise at 7 knowing your heart that
knowledge is power knowledge is power
knowledge is power doing well in school
requires a few simple disciplines
practiced everyday tell yourself I am
always early to school I always eat a
nutritious breakfast before school my
brain is like a powerful muscle it needs
energy to function at its best I always
eat a nutritious breakfast before school
I always get to school with a full tank
of fuel for my brain to utilize in
thinking and solving problems I always
get to class on time I always get to
class on time I always get to class on
time when someone tries to waste my time
in the hallway I say I'd really love to
talk about it but right now I've got to
get to class
then I go to class on time and let that
kid ruin someone else's future I always
get to class on time I won't allow
anyone to ruin my future with nonsense
I am always prepared for class I am
always prepared for class I am always
prepared for class I do all of my
homework all of the time
I do all of my homework all of the time
I do all of my homework all of the time
I always do my homework to the best of
my ability I always do my homework to
the best of my ability I always hand in
work that I am proud of I always hand in
work that I am proud of I always do
high-quality work I always do high
quality work I sit up front whenever
possible I sit up front whenever
possible
I don't allow distractions to ruin my
future I don't allow distractions to
ruin my future
I always pay attention in class I always
pay attention in class I take excellent
notes my notes are truly superb my notes
are always complete Nate and Thoreau I
ask questions about anything I don't
understand I am a class leader everyone
respects my knowledgebase and my work
ethic people see me as a serious and
superior student I take my education
seriously because it will be the
greatest determinant of how successful I
am in life I never waste time television
is a costly waste of my time video games
are a complete waste of my time my time
is my most valuable asset I never waste
time I use time wisely I invest my time
in myself I invest my time in my
schoolwork I invest my time in my
preparation I never waste my time my
time is too valuable to be wasted I am
valuable I deserve to be the best
I asked questions after class I make
appointments with teachers after class
when I have more questions I am
genuinely curious and inquisitive I want
to learn as much as I can I want to
learn as much as I can
I desire knowledge and skills I never
waste time time is my greatest asset I
use time to my advantage I remind myself
that every day is a school day and
everyone is a teacher every day is a
school day and everyone is a teacher I
remind myself of the proverb when the
student is ready the teacher will appear
when the student is ready the teacher
will appear I am ready to be a great
student I am ready to be a great student
I am completely open to learning I am
open to learning and growing
I desire lifelong intellectual emotional
and psychological growth I desire an
exceptional life with extraordinary
knowledge I am proactive in my education
I am NOT a procrastinator
I am proactive in my education I never
wait until the last moment the last day
or the last night to do my work I do my
work as soon as it is assigned I start
reading the book the first day it is
assigned to me I read every day I read
every day I remember that leaders are
readers and readers are leaders I never
wait I make no excuses I make no excuses
I am fully responsible for my own
performance I take full responsibility
for my results I take full
responsibility for my results I blame no
one for my failures I take full credit
for my successes because I've earned
them through hard consistent work I am
highly organized I am highly disciplined
I love the feeling of being prepared
I love being organized and disciplined I
love the feeling of completing tasks as
they should be done I never take the
easy way and sacrifice quality in my
work I love being efficient and
effective in my schoolwork I take every
assignment seriously and study hard for
every test and quiz I have self-respect
I respect myself I love myself I am an
excellent student I carry myself with
dignity and integrity inside and outside
of the classroom I am careful every time
I take a test I read every question
carefully I read every question very
carefully
I never rush when taking a test I never
hand in my test first
I always hand in my test last when all
of the allotted time has elapsed the
time given for the test is mine to use
this is a wonderful resource I take the
time to review as many questions as
possible as many times as possible if
there is any time remaining in the
testing period I checked my work
carefully because I realize that I can
find silly mistakes if I check my work I
am leaving careless errors behind me I
will be careful when I take a test from
now on I am never in a rush to get out
of the testing room I never lose points
for careless errors or silly mistakes I
take my work and my future seriously I
am an excellent student because I am
consistent I am an excellent student
because I am careful I am an excellent
student because I care about myself and
my work I am an excellent student
because I am comprehensive in my
approach to school when I study for an
exam I make sure to get through all of
the material I don't leave any area of
the material unstudied
I first review everything on a
superficial level before spending too
much time getting too deep in any given
area of the subject matter I'd rather
know something about everything on the
exam then everything about some things
on the exam it feels so good to succeed
it feels so good to be successful I am a
high achiever I am a super achiever no
one is perfect I am not perfect I never
get angry at myself I always encourage
myself to simply do the best I can I
don't judge myself on results I am only
concerned with the quality of my effort
if I have tried my best
I am always pleased with my performance
I love myself I love being knowledgeable
I enjoy my studies I enjoy school I love
myself and I like my teachers I build
strong relationships with my teachers
and my classmates I am respected by my
teachers and my classmates I have great
self-respect now see yourself as an
excellent student well prepared and
confident see yourself sitting in class
attentively see yourself walking in the
hallway purposefully on your way to
class see yourself opening a wonderful
report card full of good news see
yourself being proud and self-confident
amongst your peers see yourself as a
student others look up to this is a
wonderful feeling now take four deep
slow breaths the counter for as you
inhale the counter for as you exhale
slowly open your eyes if they have
closed when you decide to stand up and
continue with your day you will be
recharged and energized you are focused
on your new way of life you will
practice this exercise every day feel
the power in your body as you begin to
gently flex all the muscles in all the
parts of your body
open your eyes wide
take two deep breaths inhale for a count
of two exhale for a count of two
thank you for taking this important
journey you are getting better every day
never quit believing in yourself and
your ability to improve you and only you
are in control of your true destiny
