finding a comfortable position sitting
or laying down gently close down your
eyes taking a moment to focus on your
breathing breathing deeply in and out
feeling a wave of relaxation flowing
down your body feeling your head
relaxing your face
feel the flow of relaxation softening
all the muscles in your face and around
your eyes
peeling your throat and Nick relaxing
philia shoulders relaxing imagining the
wave of relaxation is flowing down your
body gently softening all your muscles
and moving any tension down your body
and out your toes feel your chest and
stomach relaxing
fear your back relaxing feeling the wave
of relaxation moving down your legs
allowing any tension or stress to flow
out your body and dissipate into the
earth
[Music]
feel the relaxation wave flowing through
your feet and toes letting go relaxing
take your attention to the space in
between your eyebrows allowing your
attention to pool in this space
[Music]
feel the attention going inside your
head behind your eyes focusing on this
space breathing into the space
now gently turning your attention around
slowly feel your attention and is
usually looking out through your eyes
gently turning around 180 degrees so
that you are now looking into this space
between your eyebrows becoming the
observer now you are focusing within
from your souls or spirits perspective
[Music]
in your mind's eye take a step back so
that you are standing about 1 meter away
from your physical body watch as your
physical body sits down on the ground in
front of you you notice behind it is a
room almost like a theater in this
theater your body is now sitting on the
stage in a restful meditative state you
look down to your hands and see that you
are holding a tablet
he touched the tablet and suddenly a
large screen on the stage licks on on
the screen in bold letters is your name
and underneath the words you are
limitless and you get to choose he
swiped the tablet screen
in the next words to appear on the stage
is green ah your truth can be found in
love and joy you feel like that is a
nice gesture and then a deep knowledge
flows over you and sends tingles to all
parts of your body as you realize and
appreciate the wisdom and truth in it
you swipe the tablet again and a grid of
potential use or parallel realities
shows up on the screen
[Music]
they offer many options for you to
choose from each with differing videos
that show diversity of lives where you
have different experiences and
opportunities then you notice that the
video right in the center of the screen
says everything I have ever wanted my
biggest joyful love filled life Wow you
look around the room there is no one
else there you are free to enjoy your
video you press on the middle button
there is a disclaimer that comes up on
the screen which reads everything your
heart and soul has ever desired is here
the truth of who you are and who you
came here to be and all the desires that
have been born from your life experience
are here this is your vortex of creation
all the joy all the love all the
wonderful experiences are here for you
this is your truth
[Music]
his why began and you see a video of
yourself talking to someone or you can
see as yourself
you look so incredibly happy you are
filled with joy confidence and balance
your smile is so big your eyes so
sparkly you look so rested and relaxed
your body looks amazing you are fit and
healthy your clothes look lovely they
fit with your overall confident
vibration you can feel through the video
that you are at your best and growing
all the time you can feel how much ease
and flow there is in your nature
nothing seems to be draining or
exhausting because you seem to have a
real idea and practiced skill of how to
look after yourself while doing
everything you feel inspired to do
[Music]
the video now shows you doing what you
came here to do with no limitations you
are now seeing hearing or sensing what
you love the most in this world your
career or work there makes you feel the
most passion the most excitement the
most proud of yourself it seems to be a
combination of all the things you are
good at and desire to expand
[Music]
you look relaxed and happy skills like
communication loving-kindness and
appreciation of others shine as you do
what makes you most excited
[Music]
you can clearly see yourself as this
confident happy balanced relaxed being
that is successful in their work and
feeling like their life absolutely rocks
you can see people appreciating you for
your unique talents and gifts you can
see people shaking your hand patting you
on the back and hugging you in
appreciation of who you are allowing
yourself to be and what you are sharing
with others the video moves to your
family and friends your home life you
can see the playfulness the joy in your
interactions with others it makes you
feel inspired to see yourself responding
to others in such loving ways you can
feel through the video how happy you are
to be consistently coming from
consciousness love and understanding in
your relationships with others
you watch this part of the video and
feel like saying yes that is how I
always wanted my relationships to be
growing together assisting each other
leading by example
[Music]
the tablet in your hands is now flashing
it says here is your focus trigger this
will be your resonating image or word
which you will be able to use to remind
you of your most joyful life
manifestation press the button and see a
specific thing that will remind you of
this reality which you create with your
focus it may be a color a specific image
a word of feeling or an object the
tablet now reads touch here to integrate
video into your reality when you're
ready to decide to live as the being you
were born to be to deliberately and
consciously choose to allow the whole of
you to be expressed with the knowing
that everything works out perfectly for
you and you will always be guided and
inspired to opening your vision so that
you can express more and more of who you
are press the button you don't need to
worry things will unfold one
just as you can handle it you look up to
see your body that sitting on the stage
is now being filled with light as the
new blueprint of your desired reality is
being downloaded the blueprint for the
most joyous expression of your life is
now downloading into every cell of your
body your body is receiving this
knowledge and integrating it into your
system you will know by your good
feelings if you are on track to the
unfolding of this magnificent life you
walk over to your body turn 180 degrees
and sit back within it
[Music]
you can feel this new blueprint of your
creation as expanding within you breathe
in deeply
[Music]
relax into it
relax into it
[Music]
feel that image of yourself that you saw
in the video integrating within you feel
your whole body feeling as though you
are already that person feel the
confidence feel the joy of doing what
you love and loving what you do feel the
peacefulness that comes with having
inspired action in conscious
relationships feel the relief as you can
live your dream feel the sense of
purpose and passion that expressing
yourself gives you feel what it is like
to be the being you were born to be feel
what it is like in your body to be that
picture of health and fitness for
yourself as the playfulness and joy is
emanating out of every cell in your body
you are wise you are the creator of your
reality use your trigger to remind
yourself of your vision of truth and
fulfillment
[Music]
breathing deeply in and out bringing
your awareness back to sitting here now
feeling your hands and feet slowly
wrinkling your fingers and toes knowing
that this vision is alive within you
knowing that your inner being your
creator energy is within you always
gently opening your eyes thank you for
sharing this moment with me my love and
appreciation flows out to you
[Music]

