get comfortable in any position that
allows you to breathe freely and
comfortably and close your eyes if you'd
like become aware of your energy and
space allowing your body to relax
allow your body to rest in perfect
balance and center yourself inhale a
long slow breath through your nose and
exhale deeply through your mouth go
ahead and take a few more moments to
repeat
continue to be aware of your breath as
it moves in and out of your body
place both your hands over your heart
and send loving thoughts to yourself and
to your body feel the love as it flows
from your hands and into your heart feel
the warmth as it spreads into your chest
and continues to spread down your
stomach down your thighs
into the tips of your toes and
eventually spreading into your entire
body
continue to feel this love and warmth in
your heart but now send it out into
nature and all the people plants and
animals that share this earth with you
understand that you are not separate
from nature but connected with it begin
imagining that you have a roots growing
out of you connecting and linking you to
the earth joining you spiritually and
physically
even though the ground still may be
frozen you can sense spring approaching
you can feel it
uplifting your spirits and filling you
with creativity and the desire to make
your winter dreams and goals a reality
you are now in the season of
manifestation and a time of growth
during this time the days are becoming
longer and brighter use your mind's eye
to see the warm golden glow of the sun
shining down upon you envision sunshine
covering you with its glimmering warmth
and light imagine your soul radiating
the soft glow of the Sun from within and
allowing it to fill you up completely
giving you courage to leave what is cozy
and comfortable behind so that you can
grow more fully into who you are knowing
that the energy of the Sun and nature is
always with you
take a moment to ponder the following
questions without judgment or force if
an answer does not come immediately
that's okay
it may come to you at a later time
what seeds metaphorical or physical are
you going to plant now that you can reap
this coming autumn or winter
have you been accomplishing goals just
to prove yourself to others what can you
let go of to live the life of your
dreams
identify what brings inspiration and
motivation to your life and evaluate how
you can eliminate anything that
distracts you do your actions match your
words
take a few moments to ponder these
questions
now you are ready to notice this
meditation coming to a close
use this opportunity to stretch and
shake off the gloom and heaviness of
winter the small flower buds are doing
the same as they push through the frost
and cold to reach the sun's golden glow
inhale a long slow breath through your
nose and exhale deeply through your
mouth as you fully bring your awareness
back to this moment
you

