creating a new you this meditation is
designed to help you create a new
personality so that you can create a new
reality it is based on the teachings of
dr. Joe Dispenza and it can help you
gain clarity over your intentions over
what you want to achieve in your life
your state of beingness your emotional
state your energy state and can help you
accelerate towards your intentions and
goals while feeling better and better
about yourself about your life in your
health in your capacity to receive
abundance and to receive all of the life
success that you want and deserve so
begin by finding a comfortable place
where you can sit and relax
[Music]
[Laughter]
if sitting is not comfortable for you at
this point you can lay down with the
intention of maintaining your awareness
not falling asleep being present and
aware closing your eyes relaxing letting
go
focusing on your breath slowing it down
feeling the stress the tension in your
muscles completely release as you focus
on the breath and lengthen it slow it
down
settling your body down letting go of
any thoughts any feeling sensation that
is not serving you in the present moment
anything that reminds you of the past of
who you believe yourself to be
[Music]
as you relax more and more and release
more and more of the attention on the
physical mental emotional and energetic
level of your being experienced yourself
expanding into space
[Music]
and bringing your awareness at the back
of your heart focus at the back of your
heart and experience yourself expanding
[Music]
as you relax more and more as your heart
opens more and more everything softens
your face your neck your shoulders your
chest your belly your entire body
becomes soft and gentle and expanded
[Music]
and you connect to these feeling of
softness of gentleness of openness
[Music]
now from this space of relaxation from
this state of expansion take a moment to
think about who you want to be asking
yourself what would it feel like to be
healthy to be happy to be successful to
have abundance asking any question that
is relevant to the experience that you
want to have and connecting to the
feelings to the sensations what would it
feel like
[Music]
maybe you begin to visualize not shoot
yourself and bring it into the present
moment experiencing the feelings and
emotions of that vision of yourself the
intention you have for yourself to be to
act to feel to think
in whichever way you choose to if you
feel resistance if you feel a little
tension in your body if some thoughts
that are not in alignment with that
vision come up simply allow them to come
up without focusing on them letting them
come in and dissolve without pressure
without distracting away from them
simply not feeding any energy in that
direction letting them process out
realizing that they are a result of the
past of your past experiences memories
recordings from the past that are simply
coming to the surface to be released
[Music]
refocus yourself refocus your attention
your energy on who you want to be and
what that would feel like how would you
spend your days
what would your relationships be like
what would you do with your time and
most importantly how would you feel
[Music]
what does it feel like to be your future
self connect to your five senses what
you see what you smell what you hear
what you sense
sense of touch feeling engaging all five
senses in this multi-dimensional
experience who are you how do you walk
how do you feel in your body how does it
feel to be in your body as the person
you want to be what does it feel like
[Music]
connect deeper to the feelings and
emotions that you are wanting to feel
from being that person
do you feel loved do you feel
appreciated do you feel understood cared
for do you feel seen hurt validated
valued supported safe connect to all of
these feelings connect to how you feel
when you feel these things how does it
feel to be in your body when you feel
these things are you calm
[Music]
are you peaceful
are you fulfilled continue connecting to
your emotional states your emotional
self being the person you want to be
thinking acting feeling exactly what you
want to think do and feel
opening yourself up to receiving this
experience to being in this emotional
state experiencing yourself as one no
longer separate from the experience no
longer separate from the emotions
[Music]
merging with your future self
[Music]
bringing the future into the present
moment by merging the state of emotion
[Music]
cultivating this state of emotion
allowing yourself to be in it to really
feel what it will feel like to be the
person you want to be to feel the things
you want to feel
[Music]
and let the feelings that the energy
sink in your body changing the way you
feel about yourself changing how the
space of your body feel maybe you feel
some expansion some softening at the
level of your heart some openness
[Music]
clarity of mind a vision of yourself as
you want to be maybe you see images
about your future life then you connect
to how you feel about these images about
that future life that you're bringing
into the present moment that you're
connecting to
[Music]
bridging the gap between the present and
the future
[Music]
actualizing the future into the present
moment
seeing yourself thinking doing feeling
what you want to think do and feel
dissolving any idea and he believed any
fear any thought an emotion that comes
from the past that is not what you want
to be how you want to behave and what
you want to feel
[Music]
dissolving the old you the old self and
from the present moment from that state
of deep inner presence creating creating
the new you
who you truly want to be
how you truly want to feel and the
thoughts you want to cultivate about
yourself your life your relationships
all of your relationships to time to
money to others to yourself to your
health
[Music]
feeling this sense of deep inner peace
calm in your heart joy
[Music]
generating creative energy for your life
for the next steps to unfold for you to
know when where and how to be from
moment to moment without having to force
it being in the flow of life in the flow
of love
[Music]
feeling yourself no longer separate from
the flow feeling yourself no longer
separate from others from who you want
to be
feeling grateful appreciative for this
experience feeling appreciative for
yourself for your commitment to yourself
to change transformation
[Music]
trusting having faith choosing choosing
to recreate yourself in the present
moment free from the past
free from habits programs patterns
continuously coming back to the present
moment and recreating yourself as you
want to be your thoughts your choices
your behaviors your feelings your
emotions all aligned with who you want
to be and new you the new personality
once you're deeply connected with these
feelings and emotions and you've brought
them into your body feeling what it
feels like to be this new you anchoring
that into your being anchoring that in
your body right now
ready to start your day to move into
your environment into your life being
this new you gently deepening your
breath
wiggling your fingers on your toes
holding the feeling holding that
vibration that energy state and gently
opening your eyes
[Music]

English (auto-generated)






