all right good morning my dear commuters
good afternoon my dear commuters I
remember when I lived in Washington DC
in New York City I would take the Metro
often and I would be on buses sometimes
I would drive in but this is not a
meditation for when you're driving
please let's make sure we're taking mass
transportation of some sort a bus a cab
the to the Metro okay so today I want to
focus on a centering meditation for the
commuter we're often packed in cars in
these carriages or packed in the bus and
we want to feel like we can prepare for
our day or decompress from our day and
make good use of that time this guided
meditation is for you let's get started
all right so let's go ahead and get your
earbuds out make sure your earbuds are
in you do probably don't want to be
sharing your meditation with your friend
next to you make sure you have your
earbuds ready and whatever position you
are in go ahead and sit up nice and tall
and that means to if you're standing
let's say you're on the tube and you're
standing you can still be listening to
this so whatever your position you're in
whether seated or standing go ahead and
stand up sit up nice and tall and take a
moment to breathe and receive and let
your eyes be soft you do not have to
close your eyes if your eyes are open
let the eyes be soft so it's not a laser
point gaze the eyes feel soft the vision
is soft you feel you start to feel
spacious even if many people are around
you call a quality of spaciousness and
softness to your gaze and if you are in
a place where you can close the eyes go
ahead and close the eyes now let's take
a moment to
and receive and again let the the lungs
the diaphragm the breath be spacious
right we're breathing in through the
nose and out through the nose
allow your exhale to be longer than your
inhale so right now we're backing off
the to-do list of the day we're zooming
out and we're getting a big spacious
picture the exhale is longer the gaze is
soft and we're not doing laser eye laser
focus at this point we're backing off
we're getting a big-picture perspective
and we're softening you're not going to
lose your ability to do things let's get
that clear what we're doing now helps
you Center so you can do what you do
better it's important time let's Center
and come to a place of balance to being
you can do it so you breathe and receive
you zoom out and the central nervous
system will calm you can come to balance
balance your beam you can do this it
doesn't need to take a long period of
time you can breathe and receive become
more spacious and you'll feel the parts
of your being you'll feel the central
nervous system calm that signals to the
mind the mind will calm and you'll start
to center in this quality of
centeredness bring your focus to your
mind your brain is malleable you can
affect your brain when we're under
stress the brain shrinks when we come to
a centering meditation when we expand
and balance our being the green feels
more spacious and this is an exciting
journey
you are literally affecting your brain
function you're lighting up parts of the
brain that may have been dusty so we're
quieting the mind we're drawing the
breath and our awareness deep in the
center of the skull even if your eyes
are open keep the gaze soft but draw
your awareness to the center of the
skull and envision the center of your
skull the center of the brain as fluid
open and pure
you're affecting brain function parts of
the brain are getting lit up right now
this is scientifically proven by the way
in MRIs they've studied people who
meditate they've studied the MRIs the
brain parts of the brain get lit up and
really draw your awareness again deep in
the center of the skull there's a
spaciousness there's an ease it's the
area that is perched atop the spinal
stay on the top the neck the very top of
the neck and in the center deep between
the ears breathe into this area and
clear it out clear it out the dust clear
out any fogginess
clear out any tightness and attention
use the breath and imagine a breeze is
going through the center of your brain
there's a fluidity and an ease you're
preparing your brain your mental field
for the day
purity clarity my mind is pure my mind
is clear if it's at the end of your day
you're clearing out from the end of your
day you're leaving your to-do list back
at the office right now so you can go
home and rest and be with your family
and be present give yourself permission
to do that so again continue to breathe
and deep into the brain into the center
of the skull you're letting this gentle
breeze move through the center of the
brain pure clear open
you're gonna take three quality breath
in breath and out breath out breath
through the mouth exhale out completely
that final dusty stuff at the end of the
exhale get it all the way out out it
goes and then the in breath rushes in
and then exhale out again completely
that final stuff at the very end that
dusty stuff get it out and the in breath
rushes in and we're gonna do it a third
time exhale out completely and in bruh
I'm centered my mind is clear my mind is
full and pure and open
this prepares us for our day and again
if you're going home this prepares us to
be present with our home life the family
life and those we love
now
let's bring our awareness again in to
the body so the mind is clear draw in to
the very base of the spine a little bit
so you're empowered you feel empowered
and present with clarity of mind breathe
you're drawing into the perineum the
area at the pelvic floor there's an
uplift meant scattered energies are
drawn in your present you're ready to go
and your mind is clear and pure for your
day from this zoom out you're going to
be able to do that
zoom in to that to-do list today you're
going to be efficient productive and
balanced in your being got it all right
let's do it
